00:00:00
to speed run getting a job, folks, I'm gonna show you how I would find the companies, the messages I would send, the step-by-step instructions that I would follow to build out my hit list, to go about the hunt in the appropriate way, all about transcending being a clicker, right? We don't have any clickers in this community Clicker is someone that posts on reddit. Hey applied the 400 plus jobs and I'm not I haven't got one yet. You know, why because you Just clicked you're a clicker no clickers We don't click apply,

00:01:00
we network our way in, we get our work in front of real living, breathing human beings that can see what we've been able to do, that can see our GitHubs going back months that can see our full stack projects, that can see the clients, that can see the volunteer organization, that can see the pull request, that can see the open source contributions, that can see the group projects, that can see all the work that you've done, which always goes out the window when you just click apply. So no clickers. We're here to build out the hit list live. My goal tonight is to find 10 companies that I could realistically apply to, right? 10 companies that I could submit my proposal to. I'm gonna do five that are

00:02:00
local to me because local is always a value add. And then I'm gonna do five that are like global remote companies, that companies that will hire you No matter where else you live in this in this beautiful world, right? So we're trying to get 10 within the first three hours. I'm gonna go slower tonight Because I want to show you my process. I want to show you the things I think through the things that would actually say and Then we're gonna run it back on Tuesday, and I'm just gonna lock in music. We playing I'm gonna get 30 done in three hours That's the goal. So tonight's a little slower. We're going for five and five Right. We'll probably take the full the full class period though Just so I can explain how I'm doing it the things I'm thinking through and then I'm gonna show you how you could grind out Your hit list in one class period that's the goal and then we're gonna do it again because we got some hit list to do live for folks that won one of the raffles back in the day, so

00:03:00
Let's get right into it. I always it set off with some questions if you got some questions I got some answers. You got some questions. I got some answers. Let's give folks another minute or two to get in here and then we'll get started. I know you said people shouldn't donate. Would you rather folks donate instead of gifting a sub? Um, gifting subs help others not have ads. So I, I guess that's good, but I like don't Like, don't sub, don't donate, like, no. Can you go over the big O notation for the standup problem? No, because that problem wasn't about the big O notation. The big O notation was something that we're gonna work up to during standup. It was more about our methods. So once we learn a little bit more, or we can come back

00:04:00
and talk about the bigger notation. Yeah. Leon, why do you still do this for us? Like why? Cause I want you to get jobs. I've been on the other end of not having food and engineering was the thing that put food on the table. You can't have that experience and not want it for others. That's why I do what I do. I want y'all to get jobs. I want you to have high-paying high-growth jobs where you're happy And then I want you to turn around and help three other people do the same thing. It's not about money The program is free, but there's a cost and the cost is answering fucking questions on discord It's answering questions here in chat It's turning around when you get a job and hiring three other hundred devs folks to pull up them along with you That's the cost. We do that, we start

00:05:00
to make a dent in folks that need help most. Mymo, hey, thank you for the gifted subs. You don't have to, I appreciate that. Thank you for being here. And thank you for all you do for the community. Can't stop me, Leon. I appreciate you. Cool. I appreciate that ghost as long as the disco is this I'm happy to be part of it and working to help others get us Where we all want to be. Hell. Yeah, let's do this All righty Looks like we got through some good questions here There's any other big ones Beautiful. All right So we're in it. We're in it to win it. Like I said, I'm going for ten I'm in it for 10, I want five that are local and five

00:06:00
that are remote that are hiring anywhere. I'm gonna take my time, show you exactly what I would do to not click apply, to get myself in front of real people. And so that's what we're gonna do. Before we start, just in case we got some clickers in the audience, I just wanna demonstrate briefly what clicking does. One sec, I need to get something. Alright, if you are a clicker, this is your resume.

00:07:00
And it's accurate, because people that just click apply, this is what their resumes always look like. Blank, nothing. Do you see any full stack projects? No. Do you see any client work? No. No. Do you see GitHub with three months of daily history? No. Accurate. This is what a clicker's resume looks like, right? If you click apply. If you click apply, this is what happens. Get some ASMR going. Right? If you click apply, this is what you're doing with your resume, right? Yeet! That's what you just did. You just yeeted,

00:08:00
you might as well have printed out your resume, crumpled it up, and yeeted it out the window. Emma B said, not the trees, Leon, not the trees. And here, let me tell you why printing out your resume. Thank you for highlighting this very important point. Let me tell you why clicking apply is worse than printing out your resume and yeeting it. Right. Because when I crumpled up my resume and I yeeted it, I made Emma be angry. Emma is all up on Twitter right now. Leon is littering. Leon doesn't care about the environment, the trees. They may be a good software engineer, but they don't care about the environment, right? And they tweet it. Emmabee and I go way back, this is for funsies. They tweet it and somebody sees,

00:09:00
ah, there's Leon again destroying our forest, but they can code? Oh, well I've been trying really hard to hire an engineer And maybe they might be a good enough engine if they can still be an engineer with this many people that don't like they're in action on the environment maybe Maybe they're just a really good engineer. So maybe let me slide in their DMS We slide in the DM say are you looking for in a new engineering job? And so me printing out my resume Crumpling it up angering the masses online Was actually more effective then clicking apply. And I actually yeeted that out my window. And as I yeeted it out the window, there just so happened to be a falcon that thought it was a baby white snowy owl. And the falcon grabbed it and

00:10:00
it flew off into the distance, right? and and it flew over the 405 and it didn't see it didn't see the Tesla coming down the 405 and the person in the Tesla wasn't paying attention because they had the self-driving going on and the burden the Tesla just boom and it startled the person that was in the front seat and they immediately turned on the windshield wipers and the blood is being, the bird is being smeared across the windshield and, and through the, the mess, they can see a small glimpse. It says Leon software engineer and they go, Oh damn, this is a sign. I've been trying to hire a software engineer for a while and they reach

00:11:00
over and pull my resume out the gook as they're going down the 405. They see my email and they send me an email saying, Hey, I don't know if this is destiny or not, but we got an open position. And that's how I got my last job. Right? So, so literally printing out your resume, crumpling it up and yeeting it out the window is 10 times better than just clicking apply. So please don't be a Who you know? Licker. All right, we don't need you All right, do the things that we know are gonna help move the needle get your hard work. You've worked too damn hard To just click apply So tonight I'm gonna show you the way I'm gonna show you how you can find individuals with open roles, the real messages you could send, I'm going to put them all in a document. I'm going to share the document after class. You don't have to furiously type along

00:12:00
everything I type you'll have at the end of class tonight. And then you are going to do the same thing. You are going to start building out your hit list over our next two classes. We will do more hit lists. I'm going to do it live. I'm going to show you how I can beat the world record hit list building together. But tonight I'm going to, we're going to take time. I'm going to show you the reality of it. Things might go well, they might go bad. You never know. Like this is real. Like I, like I haven't prepped this. I took a quick peek at some stuff, but I have no idea what I'm about to get into. When I start looking on these sites and the people that we find. All right. Alrighty. So we're going for five and five, five local, five remote. and the reason why I'm doing the five local first is being local is an advantage. You should always try and start local. If you're privileged to have a location that actually hires engineers,

00:13:00
you start there, and then once you've exhausted the local job market, you move on to a remote, and then you move on to global remote. And so tonight we're gonna start local, then we'll go remote and then we'll get global remote. Alrighty, so I am blessed to be in LA. So the first place I am gonna start is in Los Angeles. And tonight I'm gonna start off with a site called AngelList. Angel.co slash jobs is the site I'm gonna start off with. The reason why I like this site, I'm gonna put it in chat here, is because once you sign up, I'll go to Little Leon in a second. Once you sign up, it's a little bit easier to find folks that are already working at these companies. I showed you the hit list magic, which shows you all the open roles, like how you can find all the open jobs and all the job boards and all that stuff. So we'll do that probably

00:14:00
on Tuesday or Thursday next week when we're trying to go for gold, right? Like when we're trying to go for the world record, I'll pull out all the tricks. But as you're starting to get a little bit, as you're first starting out your hit list to get comfortable with the process, I recommend starting with AngelList. And I'm gonna show you why, cause it's easier just to find folks that are already working at the companies. And so that's what we'll start off with. Then as we get further into hit list building, I'm gonna show you other sites. We're gonna move on to building out, like going into specific job boards that work well, using companies like Mattermark that will show you all the companies that have raised money recently, like that would have budget to actually hire. We're gonna pull out all the tricks to beat our world record. But tonight I'm gonna show you the things I do, the steps I take, the tools I will use, and we'll do it together. We're gonna have some fun. As always I like

00:15:00
Please don't be weird. I'm gonna be pulling up all public information, but it's gonna be real people of real lives. Don't be a An oddity and and do something inappropriate, please Let's go ahead and jump into this Let's let's make sure that there are no I'm gonna you know, I'm gonna give a quick second for all the Clickers the leave if you if you know, you're a clicker just get out leave. This isn't for you I'll give you a second. I'm gonna take a sip of my tea What if I'm a recovering clicker as long as you know the errors of your ways you're welcome, all right Let's do this. All right, so I'm gonna start off with AngelList

00:16:00
and right away on AngelList, you can have some filters. So I have software engineer. I'm gonna add a few other things here. Full stack, front end and back end. Might not move the middle too much when it's just LA, but once I turn this remote off to remote including remote jobs, this will have a bigger impact, right? So right now I'm going to say no remote and you can put some filters on it if you want right away. Some common filters people will do is they'll just restrict to like node or something like that. I don't write out the gate restrict node if I'm staying local, right? If I'm staying local, I don't filter right away. If I notice that it's becoming overwhelming, then I can start filtering out for JavaScript node just to find those experiences. But I kind of want to get a pulse on

00:17:00
what folks are asking for. And I might pick up a skill over a weekend to add to my resume so that I can add to the hit list. One thing I might do is I could Exclude some keywords. I might exclude senior, staff, lead. And actually I'm not gonna get rid of lead because that looked like it chopped off significant. So just getting rid of some of the ones that I don't feel like for this first wave of my search, I'm not gonna include. You could even leave these off for right now Because it's still local you're definitely gonna want these when we go remote because remotes gonna Give you so it's gonna be like four or five Thousand different leads and you're gonna want to narrow those down to better fits for you when it's local you can fudge a lot more Company size was also kind of important to me I

00:18:00
find the sweet spot between like eleven and a thousand is where I've seen students have the most success Early on doesn't mean that folks that are applying to bigger companies or smaller companies doesn't work It's just something that I think through like medium-sized companies Typically, I've had better results with so something I'm gonna pay attention to not something I'm gonna filter right now And I was gonna start with these these results. Okay. Now the other thing I'm going to do is I'm gonna filter by last active So you could do most recent, like most recently post, but active says jobs who engaged most recently first. So I want folks that are like actually on angel list that are actually posting. And I think that's a better way to sort by than just kind of like recommend or anything like that. So last active I'm gonna do, I have the different jobs that I might be interested in. I have my area and remote is off.

00:19:00
So now I feel like I can start looking through these results. Now, before I start looking through the results, I wanna make sure that I have my sheet. So exclamation point sheet in chat. If you don't have your networking sheet, remember the networking sheet also has the hit list as a tab. So I'm in the way. I'm just in the way. It was right there, right there. There's two tabs, there's two tabs, right? There's two tabs behind my head. One says networking and one says hit list. We're using the hit list. The hit list is the tab that we're using. And so you can just do file,

00:20:00
make a copy, right? Make a copy and then call it like whatever you want. So networking, yeah, just make a copy of it. Save it to your drive. And now you have your own copy of it. And once you have your own copy of it, you can just shift to the hit list. Um, and what you'll notice is that everything you need here to kind of keep track of what's happening, right? Right. Keep track of what happening. So I'm going to have on my hit list, the company name, uh, the date that I added them to the spreadsheet. So like, did I add this company a year ago today, whatever the link to the job description. Sometimes I put like the role, if I'm going fast, I'll kind of skip this stuff here. And then I'm going to start putting my contacts that I found at those companies. So the goal is to

00:21:00
find a company that's actively hiring, find real people at that company, right? What are their name? What are their position? Did you send them an email? Excuse me, did you send them an email, a Twitter DM, a LinkedIn message? Like what did you do to get in contact with them? And then did you have any follow-up steps? Did you get a coffee chat? Did you send a thank you letter? Remember, if you're looking at exclamation point templates here in chat, you have plenty of thank you letter templates that you can follow to send your thank you letters after your initial contact. Right. Thank you, Stephanie. Um, so we have our hit list where we have the, the name, the role, the person we reached out to what we did with that person. So do we have a coffee chat? Did we did we follow up etc? So just a good place to keep track of the hit list when I'm going fast I like to use the sheet just

00:22:00
to get all my contacts on here Once I feel like I have a decent hit list I got the 60 companies that I found they're like local first and remote and I've kind of Massaged it a little bit. I might move to a different platform. I might move to a hunter I might move to a notion with like individual cards for each of these contacts something that might help me Visualize the process a little bit better. But in the beginning I use the sheet. I like going fast I like adding stuff and not having to think move whatever just plop it in and keep moving Speed is the name of the game when you're first kind of getting started with your hit list And so I just have my sheet exclamation point sheet If you need it here in chat, if you need the email templates exclamation point templates in chat, you got them So now we have our sheet, we have our templates, we have our angel list. I'm ready to start looking at some of these jobs. What would be the use of Notion? Some folks just like to have like a Kanban board where they put each person on a Kanban board and they

00:23:00
move it to like, sent a message, had a coffee chat, asked for a referral, right? Like they just kind of like move the cards across. I find that takes too much time for me and I prefer the sheet in the beginning. Once I'm deep in like reaching out to folks and like I've already done the prospecting, then I think the Kanban board makes a little bit more sense. And I'll show you that next week. You can use GitHub projects. Yep, exactly. Like there are plenty of free tools that do the Kanban boards. But what you're noticing is that this is a process. This is real work. And the folks that are just, you know, Clickers just doing click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click. This is why it doesn't work. If you're putting in all this work and they're just doing.

00:24:00
Come on now. Come on now. Come on now. All right. So we've got our results. We're looking at Software Engineer, Full Stack Engineer, front end, back end. We're looking in the LA area. The remote is off, no filters. And let's take a look at what we got. All right, so this first part is you just kind of like click through, you see something that might interest you. Software engineering intern. Remember, we're going fast. We're not overthinking anything. All right, GoodRx is America's healthcare marketplace. They have a software engineering internship, great. I don't care about how much money it is, whatever it is. It just seems like it's in my area. It could be a good thing. Hiring contact right away. This is why I love AngelList. look, the person I should be talking to is legitimately listed already, right? Boom. You can also take a look at all the team members, right? And you can see all the team members that are listed

00:25:00
on AngelList. So these are all potentially folks I could reach out to, but whenever a company you list the person you should talk to, that is the person I am going to reach out to first. So let's actually click on their profile here. Technical acquisition partner to high growth and emerging startups. There's no Twitter linked here, but maybe a LinkedIn is. Cool. So their LinkedIn is here. I have a mutual connection. Let's go! Let's go! Boom! Let's go! Oh, easy! Easy! Let's go! Duh, first try? So I don't even need to send them a cold message, right?

00:26:00
All right, let's see what they have. Contact info is just linking to their profile here. So this is interesting because there's no, oh, message. Boom, messages are open. Hell yeah. Open messages, this is easy. Let's go, hold on, 10 second warning. Five seconds. All right. It says free message. Why? I don't know. But cause I have some free message,

00:27:00
something premium, whatever it might be because I have premium. I don't know, but the messages are open. Cause a lot of folks don't have messages open. Why does it say free? Why? I don't know. Anyway, messages are open. I don't have premium, so I don't, I'm not sure why, but it just, sometimes people can have open messages. All right. This is actually somebody I went to school with. So I could actually probably reach out to them to see if they really do know them. But since the message is open, I'll start off with that. Before I send the message, before I send the messages, let's see. Can I find anything about them? They just have their UCLA, GoodRx, so it looks like they went straight from UCLA into GoodRx. Let's look at their profile real quick. Recruiter, there's

00:28:00
really not too much for me to go off on this profile. So what I'm going to say is, I would send a, I would send a subject, right? So subject would be, all right, first let's get them, let's get them on our hit lists. So we found them, hit list, we're gonna say company, good Rx, URL to the position, the person, I'm gonna say LinkedIn, so I'm gonna put the LinkedIn there, gonna grab their name from LinkedIn, boom, and put that on my hit list as well. And I'm gonna put the URL to the job on here as well. All right, so there's a couple ways I'm probably gonna go about this, right? Because now I have,

00:29:00
the messages were open on LinkedIn. If not, I could go through my friend that knows them, but I feel like I could just probably to reach out to them directly. And so with the message, there's really nothing here. I really do like to find something special. Best place to eat on UCLA campus. Cool. Hey, Virgie. I'm gonna say something along the lines of I saw that good rx was hiring on Angelist I would love five minutes. I'll say engineers I

00:30:00
saw good arcs was hiring engineers on Angelus. I would love five minutes of your time Of your time to discuss the open rolls or Your favorite place to eat on UCLA campus as I am spending a lot of time there recently beautiful have a great rest of your week Cheers yeah boom all right and so this is kind of right off the jump. Remember, can't lose a job that you don't already have.

00:31:00
Right? Right. Can't lose a job that you don't already have. What I'm going for is something that will get them to open the message. Right? Something that will get them to open the message. Something that will get them to actually give me the time of the day. Right? And so that's what I'm going to go with. And then before I send it, of course, I'm going to proofread best place to eat on UCLA campus. So all you're good at is hiring engineers on Angelus. I would love if I had time to discuss the open roles or your favorite place to eat on UCA's campus. As I'm spending a lot of time there recently. Have a great rest of your week. Cheers, Leon. Boom. So I spelled your wrong. Boom. All right. Or your favorite place to eat on UCA's campus. Spending a lot of time there recently. Have a great rest of your week. Cheers. And haven't found a good spot yet. Boom, there you go.

00:32:00
I don't have Grammarly installed on this profile. I actually don't even know if it would work in here, but cool. So that's something I would send and I'm gonna add that to my list here of just messages that I would send Um, with the, with the message, right? Like we're going here. We went for, we got what we wanted, right? We said like, Hey, uh, SaulGooderX was hiring engineers on AngelList. We'll have five minutes of your time to discuss open roles or your favorite place to eat on UCLA's campus. I'm spending a lot of time there recently and haven't found a good spot yet. Right? So just something that opens up the door that that is, that is, that is simple, that will maybe get them to open it. I don't care if it's funny or like, it's just something that, that would get them to, to, to open. Right.

00:33:00
Uh, is the smiley face unprofessional? It doesn't really matter. I like the smile. It's your own personal voice. I like smiley faces in certain spots when I'm trying to be cheeky. Right. Like I know that I'm reaching out to them on LinkedIn. I know they're getting all these dry ass messages from folks. I know that they're like getting all these things that are like, hi, I have five years of experience. I graduated from MIT in 1985. Like, no, like let me try and be a human. Right. And I can't lose a job that I don't already have. Right. Yeah. More friendly. Exactly. Right. And so, uh, I thought I always go for it. I always make sure that I tell them they have a good week like something that might catch their eye because they just read they Were at UCLA right trying to come across as more casual and if I if I lose it, I lose it Who cares right? I lose it. I lose it who cares right, but that's what I would send great So that's my first company. I would also just take a quick gander

00:34:00
At other folks that are on here To see if there's any like engineer type folks If if this person didn't get back to me I might go towards one of their found like one of their like maybe not founders because they're a little bit bigger of a company Yeah, they're like 200 people Once you get over 200 people the the founders really stop responding, but you'd be surprised at like under 200 They respond to me quite a bit But I don't really see any other engineers. So I would start here I would maybe list this in my hit list. Just here in case I don't hear back from Virgie, I would put this on my list and then come back. Cool. All

00:35:00
right, remember, overthinking messages in my band name exists. Exactly it just don't overthink it. Just do it. Just go get in the flow. You're trying to send out a hundred and eighty of these 180 Three people at each of the companies If you're here sweating a smiley face Oh boy, oh boy, just shoot your shot and move on. Doesn't matter. All right, let's go back. Let's take a look at some of these other open roles. What a, what a dub on the first one, right? What a dub on the first one. Of course now it's all gonna be, it's all gonna go to shit after that. Edify, Node.js developer,

00:36:00
web developer, they're in Santa Monica, they have a listed person, Julia, oh, nothing though. This is the person we're supposed to be reaching out to. Edify, let's give them a good old Google. Edify, Julia, oh, here we go. LinkedIn, message, our message is open, let's go. Oh, all right, let's go. Oh, I was pig Leon. I'm just getting hype. I'm sorry. Let me go through and show you what I did. All right, so Edify. So I clicked on the web developer role that they had. It's in Santa Monica, which is next to LA. They had Julia, but there's nothing on their profile. So I just gave them a good old Google, their name.

00:37:00
And so I just did their name and edify and the first result was their LinkedIn. And it's open messages. I'm not sure if they're like trying to give me like a free premium or something. It won't let me click why. I do see they're trying to give me a, it might be like, I'm not sure if they're open or if it's like a free premium or something like that. One of the things I heard is that LinkedIn always does, Um, LinkedIn always does like events and they always sponsor so many events. Right. All right. So they are open messages. Thank you for checking them and be right. Uh, they are open. Great. So LinkedIn does so many events or sponsor so many events. Um, the cool thing is if you go to any of those events, they always give out premium, but you can just talk to any of the people that are running the event or at the event and say, Hey, I'm going through my job search. Can I get like a pass for premium? And they, they just give it out

00:38:00
like, like free candy. So you can always get, if you, if you're trying to get premium LinkedIn, which you don't honestly need, I'm going to show you how, like I do it when, when their things aren't open. Um, you can get it from just going to one of those events. Yeah. Yep. I got six months free from an online conference. Exactly. Yeah. All right. So messages are open. University of Oregon, student athlete, University of Chicago, courts for kids. Staffing corporate. They have any other links, no Twitter or anything. Let me just give them a Google again real quick. I have a Twitter that pops up. Nothing pops up. I'm going a little slower than I normally would just because I'm not doing like a super, super speed run. I don't see too much. Let's see,

00:39:00
do they have any activity? Posts, do they have any posts? Oh. Serena, Goat, junior developers on the front end team. If you're coming out of a bootcamp with some React and a TypeScript project experience, we may be very interested in you. Thanks for

00:40:00
watching. Hi Julia, I saw your recent posts on here on LinkedIn looking for developers that have coming out of a bootcamp experience with React and TypeScript projects.

00:41:00
Here is the project I built for X client that uses React and TypeScript would love five minutes of your time to talk about open roles. I have a great week. Cheers. Yeah. Boom. Now, why would I ever mention a bootcamp unless they actually, they actually mentioned it? No, but they did. So I would copy link to post. I would like

00:42:00
link to, boom, I would link to the post. Hey, Julia, I saw your recent post. Looking for developers coming out of a bootcamp experience with React and TypeScript project. Here's a project I built for X-Line that uses React and TypeScript. I'm really excited. Excited about what is, what does Edify do? What does Edify do? What do you do? I just got our website real quick. Create the best customer experience at scale.

00:43:00
I might include that. About notify and feel as though my past customer experience And my engineering skills could be the perfect combo for what you are looking for. Ah, I don't like that. That's too long. All right, so recent posts, looking for developers. Coming out of a bootcamp experience with React and TypeScript. Here's a project built for X client using React and TypeScript. Let's talk about your open roles. I was really excited about the, what was it again? Customer, here

00:44:00
we go, customer experience space. Cool. All right. There we go. Hi, Joey. I saw your recent post, linking it. Looking for developers coming out with bootcamp experience with React and TypeScript projects. Here's a project I built for X client that uses React and TypeScript. We'd love five minutes of your time to talk about open rules. Really excited about the customer experience space. Have a great week. Boom. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Another one bites the dust. They're going to get the same message a hundred times. If you message these people, you're a fool. You're just going to get blacklisted. Like don't reach

00:45:00
out to these people. Honestly, if I hear that you reached out to these people, like don't, that's not gonna be a good day for you. That's not a good look for us, that's not a good look for our community. Don't do it. Yeah, we don't wanna be bombarding these people what messages and actually the same message, right? Be cool, like don't be that person. Yeah. If we find out that's like a problem, then I can't keep doing this, right? And so don't be that person. Please don't ruin it for everyone else. Yeah. All right. We got two already. Let's see, I like it.

00:46:00
Two so far, let's keep going. Gonna clean up my links here. All right. Let's see what else we got here. Epsilon three, QA. Let's see, is it easy to find someone? They have a link. Nah, all right, I'm gonna keep moving. I might come back to that one. I'm going for speed. Front end engineer and they use emojis. They're speaking my language. Sydney Tom, no link Sydney Tom. Let's see.

00:47:00
Let's go ahead and see, Embrace is the name of the company. Is there a website that they list? Embrace.io, cool. So Embrace.io, let's type in this person's name. All right, Sydney Tom, Embrace.io. No open messages, contact info is just their LinkedIn. Looks like they're more in product than they are, looks like they're more in product than like recruiting, but that's actually gonna be a value add. Uh, they went from, from design, they went from recruiting to product design.

00:48:00
Oh, interesting. We can use that. Let's look at their website real quick to see if they link the people on the website. Uh, sometimes they just put like email addresses and stuff like that on the website. So let's go to their website real quick. There we go, about us is what I'm looking for. About us, they're a Y Combinator company, that's cool, or no, they support Y Combinator. All right, I don't see, I don't see any like people or anything like that linked to the company. And so what I'm gonna try doing is I don't see their, let me just try Google one more time here. And I'm gonna do, I'm just gonna put Twitter. See if their Twitter comes up.

00:49:00
Their corporate Twitter. Actually, their corporate Twitter was linked here. Let's see if they follow Sydney. If you see their name, tell me. I'm sure there's a way to search for this. I just don't see it. All right, I don't see it. Let's just try, let's not do that. All right, so I don't see their Twitter. I don't see, I just see their LinkedIn. This could

00:50:00
be them, Sydney90, let's see. Nope, Sydney Wells, not you. All right, so what we're gonna do is we're gonna use another website called hunter.io. And I'm gonna put the company in embrace.io. And it looks like their, their, their format is firstname at embrace.io, right? First name could be an embrace.io. And I think I could just use that. So let's go ahead and I didn't control it. I didn't control F, I just scrolled. So you gotta get in your flow state, you know? All right, so it's

00:51:00
a small company. There's a good shot that there are not two Sydneys with this spelling. So I'm going to go and shoot my shot here and just send an email. Oh, and so it would just be, how do I say that? Sydney, boom, copy. So it would just be sydney, right? At embrace.io. Oh, they did actually pop up. Hold on, let's do that again, slower. Or that might be somebody else, like in my contact book. Oh Google Google with this cyst Google coming through you got got Google

00:52:00
snitched Yes, let's go. All right. Do we have anything about Sydney though? We just know that they went from recruiting to product. Or it was from recruiting to her product. No, from recruiting to product. We know that from their LinkedIn, I'm gonna close this. So let's go ahead and write that email. Transitioning to product, would love to learn about your experience.

00:53:00
Transitioning. Use Grammarly folks. Just use Grammarly. If anything you learned tonight, just use Grammarly because my spelling, my grammar is atrocious. Hey Sydney, always double check your spellings. That's like the biggest mistake you can make early on. It's just like not spelling their name right. Person's name is the sweetest sound in any language. All right. So I'm going to say this and we're going to take a break. We'll do this one and we'll take a break. Hey Sydney, I saw that embrace is looking for engineers. on AngelList and you were listed as the contact. I noticed on LinkedIn LinkedIn that you transitioned

00:54:00
into product and I am currently trying to do the same thing. Would you happen to have a few minutes to share your, minutes to share your journey with me? Have a great week. Cheers. Hey Sydney, I saw that Embrace is looking for engineers on AngelList and you were listed as the contact. I also noticed on LinkedIn that you transitioned into product and I'm currently

00:55:00
trying to do the same thing. Would you happen to have a few minutes to share your journey with me? Have a great week. Cheers. Leon. Boom. Oh, this is really tiny. There we go, bigger, better. Short and sweet, exactly, right? Short and sweet, not really going for the quick win. Right, not going for the quick win. That's it. If they don't have their messages open, should we add them directly on LinkedIn with a note? You can. I think that's kind of like my normal process is I add them to my hit list, right? I try LinkedIn messages if they're open, Twitter DMs if they're open. If Twitter DMs are not open, LinkedIn messages aren't open, and I can find

00:56:00
their email, then I'll just send the email with a message like this. If I don't ever hear back from the email, then I might try sending the connection on LinkedIn. And when you send a connection, you can send a message. Yeah. Thank you for pointing it. Also note, Leon is speaking their message out loud to catch some mistakes. I do this with all my textual messages to ensure they're actually good. Yeah, I do the same thing. The reason why I like I go slower of my emails is I always read them out loud So hey Sydney, I saw that embraces looking for engineers on angel list and you were listed as the contact Also, I noticed on LinkedIn that you transitioned into product and I am currently trying to do the same thing But you haven't have a few minutes to share your journey with me. Have a great week. Cheers, Leon Boom easy ask if they are the contact they're gonna respond But it changes from experience to journey Just because experience sounds like a spam

00:57:00
message. Cool, all right. I'm gonna add that to my list here. I'm gonna make sure that Sydney is on my list. Boom. I'm just putting these all here so that you have all the messages that I'm actually sending. Let me grab the The actual, uh, subject here and I'm going to make sure that they're on my hit list. Well, I almost forgot to add them to my hit list. Um, I didn't add the other person to, ah, I'm slipping, slipping, all right. Job listing for Embrace. Cool. Embrace URL, uh, name was Sydney Tom.

00:58:00
Uh, I have their LinkedIn somewhere that I could put in there as well. and that's good for now. And what was the other company that we did? It was Julia Edify. Edify, it was Julia. And I put their LinkedIn here, I just forgot to do it, but it's what you would do. And let's make sure we put the edify role in there or we lose it. Just click on the actual role, which is web developer. Oink. All right. And it was Julia Magdaleno. Boom, putting

00:59:00
the URL in there. Alright, cool. So I'm going, I'm going in an okay. I would normally going about twice the three times the speed. Um, I thought I was doing it just without like an audience here. Uh, but that's kind of what I'm going through. Like, I hope that you're starting to see like that. I'm not really overthinking it. Uh, I am trying to find some way to kind connect with the person even so briefly through the messages I'm sending, just looking for little snippets of the thing that might get them to open the message. I don't really care if it works or not. I'm just trying to shoot my shot 180 times. And if you do shoot your shot 180 times, you start getting responses back. Those start snowballing into actual interviews and those interviews interviews actually become jobs. So this is the real process.

01:00:00
When I ask folks to fill out your hit list, this is exactly what I would do if I was looking for a job in my local area. So we're going to take our break because we're at the top of the hour. We are going to do two more local, and then we're going to do five remote. And we'll see if we can get all that done within our three hours time. Are you even reading the job description to see if it's a good fit? Or are you just reaching out for everything? Everything Everything the Sun touches I apply for Everything the moon cast a Warm dewy glue over I apply because most of these people are not gonna respond to you. If you get in your head trying to find good fits before you even get

01:01:00
a response from someone, you're just putting too much energy into it. You're not doing it right. You might as well just start clicking apply. All right, so I don't overthink it. If I get a response from them, right? If I get a response from them, then I do my research. I do my digging. I make sure that I'm well prepared for that conversation. But the only thing I'm honestly looking for right now is, is it a job in my area and is it something that I think reasonably is a good fit? So like, node is a good fit. Web developer is a good fit. Did I, I skipped over the senior Java, like the senior role in a language I don't, I don't code in, right? Um, I skipped over the quality assurance engineer cause I just didn't feel like doing it, but everything, the sun touches you apply to, and then you, you, you collect your winnings, does it pay money? Exactly. All right.

01:02:00
Uh, how do you handle when you network, they message back, but they send you an online application link to click apply. How rude. Then you apply and like I would send it like if they send this I sent a cheeky message back I am totally in the camp. I can't lose a job that I don't already have So if they send that back I depends on the company I Always say something like do you want to get McDonald's after work or something? Just that would just that would just be out there that they would they would have to respond, right? I don't know exactly what it would be but it'd be something to get there like attention, right? Um, if you're getting a lot of those, then you're not, um, you're not crafting your messages in a, in a, in a way that seems approachable. Like look, let's look at, look

01:03:00
at my messages real quick, right? Let's take a look at this best places to eat in the UCLA campus. I'm asking them to respond. I'm already connecting, right? They know that I put some effort into this, right? I had to do like the bare modicum. People that are sending out those messages are just getting spammed with folks reaching out to them. And so when you do, so we take this little extra step to make it like approachable, you get less of those types of responses. I like my message to like my subject to Julia was like, thank you for talking about me. Like, of course I was gonna get them to look like that might make them laugh. If I can make them laugh a little bit, I know my responses are going to increase, right? Same thing with transitioning the product, I'm not really even making it about the role, right? Like, I don't even, I just want to talk to them about their journey into product. And I'm generally interested, like how they transitioned into product. We are all transitioning into product roles

01:04:00
or engineering roles, right? And so I'm generally interested in that. And so if you're just going for the kill, right? Right, if you're just going for the kill, you're gonna get more of those types of, like, just click apply responses. But if you're individualizing it, you're making it a little bit funny, you're giving it something to answer, then those types of responses decrease. And remember, we're trying to do this at like three different people at each company. And so one person might do that, but the other two might not. There you go Are you gonna do some other examples of other websites besides Angelus? Yeah, probably on our speedrun though Angelus is a really good place to start for most folks But uh use the hit list magic Search that I gave you all in the slides from previous classes and that's you can find up all your open roles. Yeah Alrighty, let's go ahead and take our break because it's the

01:05:00
top of the hour. All right, folks, come on back, come on back. Hunter.io only gives me the customer service emails. That's what we're not, we're not actually looking for their real email. We're looking for the format of the email. Like if we look, there was actually one email here that helped me and it was this Eric at embrace.io. So I knew that if they're using first name at embrace.io that it might be a good shot of it just being first name at embrace.io because they're smaller, right? And so then I plugged that into Google and Google snitched and maybe that's actually the right email address or maybe I get a could not send message and then I find a better one. But that's kind of it. I'm just trying to figure out like, is it first name, last name? Is it first name? Is it, yeah, you know? Let's get a few questions in before we kind of go back into a hunt mode here. Are companies more responsive if they recently received more funding? Absolutely.

01:06:00
So one of the things I will show you probably on Tuesday, for some reason, the website's down right now. I've kept trying to connect. It might be my VPN or something, but there's a website called Mattermark, which is a similar company to Crunchbase, but it's completely free. And what you can do is you can just see companies that have raised funding, Like startups that have raised the money. And if I see a tech company that has raised a good series, a series B, there's a good chance that they might be hiring. And I try and reach out to those companies quicker, especially if they're in my area. I was at a red flag. The company has one year preferred front end experience, but also says they want a senior front end dev or an inscription can be one year. Can a one year be senior? A zero year can be senior. It depends on the company. It just doesn't matter. Don't overthink any of those things. Just network your way in and then deal with it later.

01:07:00
Do you recommend reaching out to companies that just got accepted into the Techstars? No, because they have very little money. Maybe if they get a year in and they raise their series A or something, but early on they have little money. Yeah, we had blah on the T-spell on Friday, they started off as a senior, yeah. So the interview is where you try and sniff out the red flags in the company? Yeah, I really pay attention to how I'm treated during the interview process, right? I'm really, that's what I pay attention to, like how was I treated, was that I feel like they had their shit together, like did they send out like good emails, did they follow up with me, like, was I treated well? Was, was there stuff organized? All that leads me to build a picture. And then once I get an offer, I go in and ask all the questions. I talked to all the people. Uh, and that's when it kind of gets real.

01:08:00
Uh, that's what I was saying, Jasper, but for some reason the site's not loading today. It was bought by full contact. Oh, they might've, yeah, they might've sold. Yeah, I thought it was just down, but maybe they got bought by somebody else. You can use Crunchbase, it's the same thing, but I believe Crunchbase like gives you only a certain number of free ones before it goes away. But that's just another strategy. It's not a strategy you have to use. I just find that strategy has worked for a couple of my students in the past, where if you live in a city, Specifically to do that the city that has like I don't know like a decent tech economy Then like looking at folks that have raised money in your area could be helpful Crunch base start charging you for the first one. We'll find something else that does it similarly Well, all right, let's get two more local and

01:09:00
then we will move on to the global remote Feel free to ask questions as we're going through this Like I'm just trying to show you like a real process and then once you get into a flow, you do this a little bit faster. All right, let's take a peek, go back. All right. And I N H N global, a wholesale fashion marketplace. One week ago, web developer, backend developers click on web developer. They have anyone listed? No one listed there. They have people see all their team members.

01:10:00
I'm gonna go with something else. Their stack is also like really not, I mean, I could go down that, but I'm just trying to do a speed run, run an engineer, build the Netflix of high school education. Hell yeah. I might actually smit this one. Talk directly to their CEO. That's cool. Anyway, all right, let's see. Do they have their messages open? Angelus, what's going on?

01:11:00
All right, Subject launched Uber Freight, that's pretty cool, UPenv, UCLA, MBA, they're LinkedIn, let's see if they have open messages. Messages are open, let's go. All right, so the messages that we would send would be, all right, so we know they're passionate about education. Let's see if there's anything else here. Ex-athlete turned serial entrepreneur. And a negative positive because pilot injuries contagious

01:12:00
Nomad uber Yeah, you still a A Hockey for the Colombian ice hockey team. That's pretty cool Remember a Soho house All right now there's a lot there let's also look at their Twitter real quick Always early never flake I might use that. I think that's the easy in Don't want your zip code or your family's social name status to dictate the subjects you can take. That's pretty cool. All right. We're going to go with that.

01:13:00
All right. Let's send them a message to be early and not flake. There you go. So that would be the hook there. They say that pretty quite often. So I'm gonna use that. I promise to be early and not flake. Hey, Michael. Michael's always tricky, cause you guys sometimes, it helps to see if you can find if they refer to themselves as Mike or Michael. Looks like Michael, cause I was listening on their Twitter. I might even read a, um, uh, an article just to see if they talk about themselves slightly different, but y'all can do that. I'm not going to do that. All right. Hey, Michael. I am really, I'm a, an

01:14:00
engineer. We're really passionate about making education affordable, accessible to all. I don't know how to spell accessible, but we can Google that later. All right. I'm an engineer really passionate about making education accessible to all. I'm actively, oh, God damn, you're just seeing how bad I spell. involved in the 100 devs community, which has helped hundreds

01:15:00
of folks get jobs as engineers regardless of their economic reality. I don't know, something along those lines. An engineer really passionate about making education accessible to all. I'm actively involved in the 100Jobs community which helps hundreds of folks get jobs in engineering regardless of economic reality. I would love five minutes of your time to talk. about the open roles at subject. Have a great, great, great week. Cheers. Also, I'm

01:16:00
down to clear it up on the ice anytime. I just hope my roller hockey skills translate So I promise we really not flake because you know, they're going to open, there's no way they don't open that message. So textual. Exactly. Hey Michael, I'm an engineer really passionate about making education accessible to all. I'm actually involved in the hundred devs community, which has helped hundreds of folks get jobs engineers regardless of their economic reality I would love five minutes your time to talk about open roles a subject when it's somebody like a CEO or a co-founder When it's something like a CEO or a co-founder

01:17:00
I I always I'm a little bit more like On the nose like hey, I'm curious about the open roles Like I don't want to I like if they're a recruiter you can I don't I don't I got play a little bit But, um, if I don't want to take their time, like I want to be, I want to be just straight to the point, uh, about your open roles, have a great week. Um, and just so you know, roller hockey skills don't translate. All right. I like this. This is what I would send. Got it to the list. Melody. Hey, thank you for the gift that serves. Thank you for being here and congrats on the new gig. Let's go turn up. So proud so happy glad to see you crushing the game Let's put the subject in there too because I think that's important thank you for being here Uh, let's put that in

01:18:00
there too All right uh, and then this was Let's just grab their linkedin add them to our hit list. This is subject and we'll add the URL there. I talked to Michael Lardo and I was LinkedIn. So these, these are all opinions. This was LinkedIn, this was LinkedIn and this was email. Cool just keeping track of like the folks I'm talking to and this should actually not be here. This should be It should be here Boom and let's grab that open roll

01:19:00
So it's a little bit more of a senior role, but that's okay. All right, there we go All right, let's do let's get one more local and then we'll switch gears to remote Synapse us-based banking lending crypto as a service provider yikes Halo move science forward Dress life provides fashion specific to one-to-one personalization with exceptional accuracy JavaScript and node. Why are they listing it in euros? Oh, it's promoted. I'm like, why are these salaries lower? And why is it not in USD? Like, why

01:20:00
are they paying this in L.A. I got, got. Doopsado tools for freelancers, that's cool. A venture technology studio where innovation rules, that just sounds more fun, let's go there first. Darren Rush is the founder, and that's who we should reach out directly. Um, they went expert school on Ruby. There's no, they don't have any employees. So it doesn't seem like my medium, the side, like I, like if I was really doing this, like I would, I would just, if I was doing the hit list, they would, we've got a message. No problem. I'm not overthinking it. Um, I'm just trying to be a little bit more impactful cause y'all are watching.

01:21:00
Founder kind of the same thing a little bit smaller company We might come back to one of these two if there's not something better before we get out of the local ones. I Love supernatural This is like the only thing I pay for in the oculus cool Ah, there's so big they just ain't talent. Let's see if they have any people on here Um, all right, let's go to LinkedIn real quick. Let's search supernatural and looks for people.

01:22:00
There's the CTO Director of product technical program management Director of engineering They're in santa monica, whereas this person said redmond, washington, so show this person They don't have open messages Whoa, their deal was blocked by the FTC. What? That's wild. All right, contact info, Twitter. All right, they have a Twitter that's open. Messages are not

01:23:00
open. They like to fly. Engineer tech exec. I might send them in, I might send this person an email. Their messages weren't open. I feel like I could write a good message to them. But there's also the CTO that legitimately said that they were hiring. So somebody puts that in their profiles, like asking to be reached out to, we're hiring. They still, oh, it's a different company. Nevermind. I'm gonna go with this person. Let's see if we can find their email. Let's go to Supernatural's website. Supernatural VR.

01:24:00
The website is getsupernatural.com. Let's go to Hunter. Cool. See what their style, ugh. I would try first name at supernatural.com. This is kind of, or what you could also do is you can just tweet at them directly. So the cool thing is like when you add someone it doesn't actually show up like in your timeline it shows up in like it just is like a message to them it doesn't like show up in your timeline shows up again like your other like your tweets replies so I could do that we could connect with them on LinkedIn and send a note that's kind of always the last thing I try though Um,

01:25:00
what was the stuff that they said again? They like flying. It does say that they're hiring. Contact me if you are, oh, that was within. Does it say it here? Oh yeah, and talk to me if you or someone you know might be interested in these positions. All right, cool. So they've already said contact me. So I'm gonna skip, I would tweet them, but they did say contact me. So I'm gonna actually try email first. If the email doesn't work, that's okay. I'll come back to tweeting them, but it does say contact them. It literally says contact them. It just doesn't have any contact

01:26:00
info. I'm just gonna grab their first name and I'm gonna try an email. Let's compose. I'm gonna try an email now and I'm just going to try. At get super was get supernatural.com. OK, I mean that might have worked. I don't know if that was Google snitching again. Why connect and send a note as last resort? Cause I don't like connecting with people that I don't honestly know. So we started off tonight with an absolute dub where the person I connected with, like the person I was trying to reach, I had a connection. I already had somebody that I knew that I went to school with that was connected to that person. And so if I really wanted to, I could just reach out to that person and say, Hey, could you give me an intro to that first person that

01:27:00
we saw? And that's how I like to keep my LinkedIn. I know every single person that's on my LinkedIn. And I know that if I reached out to them, they would give me a referral. And if I didn't, if I didn't have that, then I would, I, it would be like, if I don't want my LinkedIn to be muddied. Right. And so that somebody said I had a connection with this person too. Did I? Yes, I can reach out to them. Let's go. Yo. Give me the boardroom y'all.

01:28:00
I could get up here and just talk my shit and run my mouth about stuff I haven't done, But y'all see it. When I tell you I put in this work, I put in this work. When I put in this work, I put in this work. I showed y'all my hundred plus days in a row of GitHub commits when I was doing my coding challenges. I tell you how I do my networking, and literally random companies that we are finding, random people at this company I'm already connected to, or one hop, skipping a jump. I'm not, I'm not making shit up. I'm trying to show you how this stuff can change your life. There is a reason why I talk about networking until I can't talk no more. Five companies that

01:29:00
I randomly found, Out of those five, two, I was connected directly, one skip through with the person that I wanted to get in touch with. Imagine if you did your networking, like I've been asking you to do, and you did it for 10 years. Just think about that. You do one event a week for five years, do five. One event a week for five years, you meaningfully connect with people, and it slowly builds up over time and that's where you're at now, right? Like you're seeing it. This is the proof, right? That's the proof. Cool. So I could reach out to my connection. I've worked with them in the past and that would be it. Cool. But I'll send an email just cause I'll start there just to show y'all. They liked flying.

01:30:00
Uh, that's what I'll lead with any good flying VR apps. Hey, boom. I like that. Uh, Anyway, I just got, got an Oculus, and I'm always looking for fun apps to try. Let's go and say, I saw on AngelList that Supernatural

01:31:00
was hiring and thought I would reach out. Supernatural. I just got an Oculus hiring engineers. Always say engineers because that that would peak their director of engineering. I saw on AngelList that Supernatural was hiring engineers. I thought I would reach out. Just got an Oculus and Supernatural is the only app I pay for. Only paid app on my account.

01:32:00
I would love five minutes of your time to learn about the open roles. I don't know if I'm gonna see your time to learn about the open, about open roles. And, uh, I'll say your LinkedIn, your LinkedIn mentioned that I should reach out about open roles. I would love five minutes of your time to learn more or talk about cool

01:33:00
stuff happening I really do use supernatural, yeah, it is, it is legitimately the only app that I paid for outside of the table tennis app. But that's like not a recurring charge. Cool, alright, any good flying VR apps because they're into flying, they're into VR, boom. I saw on AngelList that Supernatural is hiring engineers and thought I would reach out. I just got an Oculus Supernatural is the only paid app on my account. Your LinkedIn mentioned that I should reach out about open roles. I would love if I made it through your time to learn more or talk about cool stuff happening in VR. Cheers, Leon. Have a great week. The table tennis app is wild. The table tennis

01:34:00
app is absolutely wild. So wild that, hold on one second. If you live in LA and wanna catch some hands, I'm ready to play. Um, I 3d printed, I 3d printed a handle or my Oculus controller with actual grip tape. Yeah. It's so realistic. It is so realistic. Like the feel of like actually hitting the ball in VR. It feels like you're playing on a real table. So yeah, it's actually, it's a pretty dope app. And I, yeah, I went, I went, I went extra.

01:35:00
I feel good about this. I think this is pretty solid. I think they would actually respond. Somebody said, what if the email doesn't work? Yeah, 11 is the, is the app. What if this email doesn't work? Then I would probably reach out to my contact on LinkedIn. I know not all of you have that yet, but if that didn't work, I would tweet them. I would tweet them. Cool, so let's add this to our list. Cool, and I'm going to add this to my hit list, email, the supernatural,

01:36:00
and I'll grab the job description. All right, there we go. Now, like I said, I try not to overthink this. I try not to overthink this. I'm trying to find things that are slightly funny. You can't lose a job that you don't have. I find that my responses are pretty high when I send messages like this. And so just don't overthink it. you're doing 180 of these, just get through it. And when we come back on Tuesday, I'm gonna do a speed run. So I'm gonna actually go way faster. I'm gonna like ignore chat, put music on and just like grind. I can get through like 30 of these or like 10 an hour. I can get like 10 good an hour. And so if I like took a weekend, I could probably bang out most of my hit

01:37:00
list in a weekend. And so yeah, it's a lot of work, right? It's a lot of work. Like you're finding these people, You're trying to find a way in, you're thinking about them. Um, but I'm going to share all the messages. Exactly. Yeah. You have, you already have, uh, the, the templates here that were, were base templates, I'm going to add all the templates that I've been writing tonight to this list as well. Um, so you could see, uh, so you could see like the actual messages I'm sending. Uh, and yeah, so we're going to keep doing it. You're going to keep seeing good examples, I hope. And for tonight, though, I hope you ask some questions so I can answer them. If you send 50 of these and get three responses, it's still better than clicking apply, it really is. What if they all respond? Then I got a wonderful month.

01:38:00
What are your desired salary expectations for this role, uh, fair market rate for developer of my skillset and experience? Well, Leon, what is the fair market rate for developer of your skillset experience? Come on, Bob. I know you do this all day, every day. What have you budgeted for this role? Should we always try to email over LinkedIn message so we can attach our signature with our links? Stephanie says email like might be wrong, like the emails might be the wrong email. So if the LinkedIn messages are open, they seem active on their LinkedIn. I start there. If I don't get a response, then I move on to email. Yeah. I was so overwhelmed. You made it look fun. Yeah. I like to have fun with this. I like, I try not to take this part of the process too seriously. I try to just have some fun with it. I try to find cool ends. Like,

01:39:00
and I think the really important thing here is every single person I've messaged. I'm generally interested in, like, I would love to have conversations with all five of these folks that I, that I put out there, right? Like, I think that would be a really. I think it'd just be fun conversations, right? Like I found something interesting about each of these folks that I would like to learn about and if I can go into this process, having a little bit of fun, meeting cool people at the end of the day, I get to network with a few more folks that I would have never had a chance to talk to. That's good. And the more you kind of get comfortable with that, the easier this process can become. I have 11 so far and I live in Atlanta a turn up If the job description says 110 to 150, how do you deal with it if they offer a minimum

01:40:00
Uh Go to the bank and count my money, uh go on a vacation Buy whatever I want off of amazon One 10 all day, let's go. But no, we, we negotiate, right? And we talk a lot about this during the tea spills. And if you come to stand up as folks start getting offers, stand up really does become me talking with them to help them negotiate. So the beauty of stand up as we get deeper into the hunt, stand up becomes way more actionable in terms of like, Leon, I just got an offer. Help me negotiate. And then you'll hear me negotiate live with somebody that has a real offer. If they came in with the minimum, my response would be, hey, I'm so excited to work at this company. I could really see myself growing here over the next 10 to 15 years. As you, not 10

01:41:00
to 15, next two to three, next three to five years. As you know, I'm currently in the process with X number of companies. is there any wiggle room on this starting salary? And that's it, I just send that out. And then often or not, they'll counter without any kind of hesitation, especially if they've already given that range. And then I just kind of work off of that counter. The best thing you can do is then get another offer in that timeframe and you can get the top of the list. We also shared the template that Daddy Yankee Nick shared And they showed exactly how they negotiated their offer. You can use that template as well We actually need to add that template to the templates Mm-hmm a lot of really good information being shared that we'll keep adding to the templates You folks ever asked to know more details about other offers you're using for leverage

01:42:00
they can ask all they want But typically I'll say I actually don't know what I've signed in part of this like interview process I'm not sure if it's really under NDA or anything, so I don't feel comfortable sharing the details Can I tell everyone that I got other offers even if I have none some people play the the dangerous dance of the dangerous dance some people do It's up to you how you want to play the game. I'm not here to tell you how to live your life. I'm going to show you some ways. If you want to play the game that way, it's up to you. I have no shame in my game, but that's not a call I can make for you. Cool.

01:43:00
Talent said, well, I can't match that, so good luck. That's why you never give an, it's why you never answer that question. You notice, I never said that I got a higher offer, right? I always say I have other offers. Is there any wiggle room in your offer? Because this is the place I want to work. When you say wiggle room and you'd like go out of your way to like hype them up and say, this is where you want to be. This is the place you see yourself growing. Unless they're just like a horrible person. They're going to have some level of empathy and go, actually, this is the top of our range. We would love to work with you, but there's nothing we can do. Right. They're not going to be like, ah, get out. Like it's, and if they did, then that you do, you'd know that you were walking into a horrible company. Are the angel list salary estimates fairly accurate?

01:44:00
Um, sometimes they are, uh, a lot of times it's the company that enters them in. So if they're recent and you actually if their profiles like actually pretty well filled out And there's an actual contact person. I find that it tends to be a little bit more accurate like they're just having talent But this is a bigger company If it's a smaller company with a real person you can talk to that means they probably put it in and it's pretty pretty solid All right. So that was our five that were local So we are going to take our break because we're at the top of the hour and when we come back we're going to do globally remote companies. So we're going to find five companies that hire folks that live anywhere in the world and see if we can find folks to talk to at those companies to get in front of them so that we are not clickers. And we'll take it from there. All right, so here's a list that I've used. Uh,

01:45:00
it's just, and you can find these, it's, it's, it's like not something that, um, is super hard, but there are, there are some lists that list these types of hire from anywhere. It doesn't matter where you live type companies, which I think can help a lot of folks that aren't, uh, kind of in North America that aren't kind of like U S or Canada, uh, Canadia specific. Uh, and so we're going to throw this in here. this is just one of them. Note the ones that I share, the ones that I share are, well, everyone's going to be using them. And there's what, like 1300 of us right here right now. So I'm not going to, I'm always going to use this one so that I don't saturate the others, but you can find tons of these, right? You can find tons of these types of lists because if you are global, or you want

01:46:00
to work globally, not every company that is remote actually hires folks from anywhere. So it's actually a little bit more challenging to find those types of companies. there are tons of ways to find remote jobs. I just find that a lot of folks sometimes struggle because even though they're remote, they still expect you to work in certain countries. And so even if you're like on AngelList, you can go ahead and turn this remote, include remote jobs, and it will have remote jobs in North America, right? It's still like labels it for North America. and then it increases, like look how many results we just jumped up to, 5,000, right? So in this case, what I would do is, if I turned on remote, right? And I knew that I was in an area that typically hires coders, right?

01:47:00
So they don't have to deal with tax implications and labor laws. Yeah, that's true. There are actually tools now that make it a little bit easier, so more cars, more companies are opening up to live anywhere, work for them, um, because there are companies that make payroll actually manageable, um, that handle the taxes for you. Um, basically there are payroll companies now that are a registered agent in every country, and so you hire someone and then the company that you pay pays the workers in every, in, in where you, wherever they may be. Um, so they handle all the labor law stuff. they handle all the tax implications and on your end, you're just, you're just using a service. I think when digital nomadism first started, they didn't realize that even if you were a digital nomad, you were still quite privileged if you had a passport from a specific country that had

01:48:00
defined labor laws that countries could actually apply, like that could, you could work for. So as someone that was a digital nomad for two plus years, I think that was kind of lost in that whole movement. Yeah. Cool. All right. So just real quick before we look at the global list, I still have my normal full stack front end, back end software engineer, my LA. We turned on remote North America. This is what I would add filters. So I'm now gonna look for JavaScript. Cool. I'm going to look for node. And I'm going to look for node without the JS. There you go. Without the dot. Cool. And I would start with just those. Those are some areas of interest. I'm going to exclude keywords like senior, I'm going to exclude keywords

01:49:00
like lead, staff, principal, manager, director, yeah. Probably like SR, I don't wanna do that low. Why exclude senior? Just because this is a lot of, this is still 718 results. There's no way, right? There's no way that I can like, it's just gonna be, I would just be doing this for years if I was to go to all these companies. So why not niche down if I am trying to increase my odds, right? I spelled principal wrong. I did. I spelled it.

01:50:00
Uh, yeah, this is just an exercise. I might even go as far as it's like the, the size of companies that I want, like maybe like maybe no small companies. I don't know. Where does that get me? So they're like one to 10 employees. Maybe I don't want for this for my first pass. Right. Right. For my first pass. Right. Not for my first pass, right? If I knew that I was gonna go harder, then I would leave these on, right? Because that just opens me up to even more, but I might leave them off just because there might be more chance that they're actually hiring. And then I view results, right? And now I got 350 results to dig through that are remote, and I would just do this process until my fingers fell off. Yep. All right, look at all these jobs. All right, but that doesn't work for everyone

01:51:00
because even though they're remote, they probably still want me to be in America and pay me in American dollars. That's what I like about lists like this is that they are a list of companies that doesn't matter where you work, you can reach out to them. So let's go ahead and take a look at this list. GitLab, Buffer, Automatic. These are some like big name companies. I know I did some of these before, so I'm gonna try and like jump down further to try different ones that I maybe didn't do last time. Dollar Flake Club. Cool. No current openings that are listed. That wouldn't stop me though. Even if folks don't list openings, it doesn't matter.

01:52:00
Engineering, web engineer, freelance, all regions. Web Enterprise wordpress agency rip I'd still apply Uh Hoppin is poppin. Let's see. What do they got remote team? Do they got open positions? Does it list anything? engineering manager, senior. I might still reach out to these folks. Do they have any, Do they have a AngelList profile? Is there a way for me to,

01:53:00
no, home, jobs. Can I not search jobs? Let's look for Hoppin. Actually, I'm just gonna go to LinkedIn, that might be easier. Hop in, cool, people. So, I mean, for me, I have a lot of connections to folks that are in sales, product leader

01:54:00
revenue, vice president, companier, I like that. This seems like somebody that's fun. Companier, vice president, founder, product leader, head of corporate development. I'm gonna go with the person that calls them a companier. That just seems fun. Oh, president and board member. All right. Anyway, let's shoot our shot. No open messages. Any contact info? Twitter is open. They have open DMs. No open DMs. Uh, they might be too high up for, they're a big

01:55:00
enough company that I might not go for by that high up. Uh, let's see. Fails. Try if they don't have a recruiter on here, let's say hop in, recruiter, looking for anything. Let's see, hopinangel.co. Let's see if they have an AngelList profile. They do, okay, here we go. We have their AngelList profile, much better. Do they have any people listed here? All right, head of people

01:56:00
and culture. That could be somebody I might reach out to. How many people are they? They're a big company. All right, let's see. Experienced in recruitment. Head of people and culture. Talent acquisition. All right, can I find anything about them? Their LinkedIn is here. Actually have a website listed, is this their website? Maybe they sell stuff, that'd be interesting. Uh, let's check their LinkedIn and messages are open. Boom. There we go. I would start here. Uh, they're pretty high up director, global people, operations, coach, and mentor, uh, promoting diversity inclusion practices, cool. Seems like somebody I'd want

01:57:00
to talk to. Looking at kind of if there's anything I can latch on to here, I might be overthinking it. Uh, they have a Twitter. Yeah, they have a Twitter. Open DMs on Twitter. That's that's also dope. Barcelona, I might, I might do DMS on Twitter before I do DMS on LinkedIn. Uh, and the reason why is because their LinkedIn, um, might be jumping. Right there, there, there, there, there, LinkedIn might be, might be jumping. been. I might try something cheeky.

01:58:00
Let's look up sports ball recently. They want Rinaldo back. Let's see.

01:59:00
I'm trying to show you like what I would actually look up I don't know It'd be a good player. Messy. Messy messed up. I'm trying to think of like, is there like an in, that's the only thing I know about Barcelona is football. And they might not even care about that. All right, that's probably not a good in. Let's see if they have anything on their Twitter. Oh, tweets are protected. What is this site though that they link? Can I do Google translate? We sell products without bulk, in bulk without plastics and without waste. That's dope.

02:00:00
All right, I'll do that. My DM would start with this. How can I turn this into a DM? Let's go here. This would be a DM that I would do on Twitter, but I would start with that. Uh, Hey, I have too many tabs open. This is, this is one of the downsides of getting too deep into the hunt. All right. Uh, I have been obsessed with reducing all of my plastic

02:01:00
waste until it fits in a jar ever since I saw this video. and then I would link to the video of the woman that was zero waste and fit it all in the jar. I got to find the video. So when you're with these global remote companies, whenever you're applying to remote jobs, since you are not local, you are competing against more folks. Right? You're competing against more folks. Thank you, everyone. You're competing against more folks. And so you have to be a little bit more out there, right? You have to be a little bit more, you got to go a little extra. And so building a global hiring anywhere, um, global hiring anywhere type job, you kind of got to shoot

02:02:00
your shot a little bit harder. All right. I've been obsessed with reducing my own pathways until it fits in a driver. Since I saw this video, Phil Hoppen has open engineering roles and would love to learn more about them or just talk zero waste. I love what you're doing with and I would link their company. Also, if it makes sense to talk to someone else, I would appreciate the intro. Or actually I wouldn't say that, I would let them say that. Talking to doing with Have a great week Have a great week Cheers Yeah, all right, so trying to connect with them All right, trying to connect them. This would be a this would be a message. I would send through Twitter DM Because their DMS were

02:03:00
open DMs were open, so I would just send them a Twitter DM. I've been obsessed with reducing all my plastic waste until it fits in a jar since I saw this video. Some of those open engineering roles, I want to learn more about them or just talk zero waste. I love what you're doing with blank. Have a great week. Boom. That's what I would send. So this is Hoppin. We gotta close some of these windows. Hop in, I forget where the site, here it is, the site, careers, boom, the person I'm talking to, where's their Twitter, there we go, I'll copy that Twitter, put it in here, boom, there There we go,

02:04:00
one of my five remote, I'm just gonna clean this up a little bit. All right, there we go, cool. If you think those tabs are bad, you should see my other monitor. All right. Who else? DuckDuckGo. I actually know a lot of people that work at DuckDuckGo. DuckDuckGo. I would probably just reach out to the folks I know that work there. Looks like mainly senior roles. They're kind of like later stage. What's a

02:05:00
company that y'all like? If you see a company I should click on, you tell me. Helpscout, I know the founders of Helpscout. Olark, let's check out Olark. Olark, open positions. Doesn't say anything open right now. Let's try close. Software engineer, backend, a little bit of React. React. Looks like it's Python, though. Do you have React roles, though? This would be something I would still reach out to. Close.com. Let's see if they have an Angel list account. Angel.co. Close. This is going to be hard to find.

02:06:00
No. Why can't I just look up companies is directly, can I close? Here we go. All right, beautiful. Do they list somebody I can talk to? We do have the software engineering role here. Yeah, it's a little Python. I can learn some Python. They don't list the person that you can talk to. Let's look at all their team members. Closes on your list, that's awesome. Founder, founder, founder, senior people operations, that might be the person we go to. Senior backend engineer, people operations, come on, no recruiter. Give

02:07:00
me a recruiter. You're this size, you should give me a recruiter. Let's see, director of engineering might be the person I reach out to you first. Director of engineering and product. Oh, they got everything listed. Let's see LinkedIn, what you got for me. Oh, 10 second warning. Five second warning. I

02:08:00
All right, let's see if we can find out about them. Let's see if we can find out about them. They write about their work, we're hiring, that's great. So they're saying we're all, they're hiring. Let's look at their history, Zend, University of Florida, Yahoo, Google, they're a freelancer for a long time. They have a gap? Yeah. 2007 2010 looks like

02:09:00
they freelance for a large period of time does this have a another date 2015 or were they here earlier oh they're on the founding team of clothes Okay, that's still three years where they were freelancing. Or at least, yeah, at least three years where they were freelancing, right? Am I not seeing it right? Seven, freelancing, and then Quizlet. Founding team, head of product, VP of product engineering. All right, I think I could use that as an outreach. And then also look

02:10:00
at their blog. Notice I'm spending a little bit more time with these people than I were with the other ones. When you're looking for these global remote, It's you gotta you gotta do a little more Their DMS are open here on Twitter to looks like they'd be open to a Twitter DM I would, I'm going to use that. I would, I would send them. I would send them an email because they give me the email. Let me just check their blog out real quick.

02:11:00
All right. I'm going to use that. All right, I would send them an email because they literally gave us the email. uh, free Lansing to founding team to VP of engineering. Hey, Phil, Your journey in tech is really inspiring.

02:12:00
I am currently a freelance software engineer looking to join a product focused company and came across open rolls at close. I would love five minutes of your time to You honestly just better understand how you evolved or understand your journey.

02:13:00
Screw you, Google. Let's just understand your journey and how you got to where you are today. If you ever have time just let me know and I'll move mountains to make it work. Have a great week. Cheers. Leon.

02:14:00
Cool. All right. Freelancing, the founding teams, a VP of engineering, they're definitely, that's going to be them. So they're going to definitely click on this. Hey, Phil, your journey to tech is really inspiring. I'm currently a freelance software engineer looking to join a product for this company. Came across open roles at close. I will have five minutes of your time to honestly just better understand your journey and how you got to where you are today. If you ever have time, just let me know and I'll move mountains to make it work. Have a great week. Cheers, Leon. Boom. I think this is, I think this is it. All right. Love it. Add it to my list. That's two down, three more to go, we can do it.

02:15:00
add close to our list here. Boom. And we're talking to our homie Phil. I would put their LinkedIn and their email in there cool all right let's uh let's look at some more on this list shall we skill crush what's that nope stripey pretty cool you need a budget zappier be dope i like buffer buffer's one of my favorite companies let's see Do they have any open roles? No current

02:16:00
openings, that's okay. Even some of these companies, even if they didn't have any open roles, I would still start reaching out. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh Envision Hey, all right, but did you have any opportunities? You I might even worry if they have any open. I might just still go through it Future openings. I love when companies do this.

02:17:00
Companies are like, hey, if you're dope, just reach out to us. So do they have a recruitment number here? Let's look at their angel list if they have one. Cool, let's see, this is weird because I know these people, like, we'll skip, I know, I around the same time that I did. Let's go ahead and do, I don't know. Hotjar, are they still a thing? Oh shit, they're hiring a lot.

02:18:00
Software engineer, full stack, JavaScript, let's go. All right, let's see if Hotjar has a angel list. Cool. Um, they list, let's go to people. Did they list any jobs? They have jobs not listed on here. We're always hiring. I love to see that. All right, let's look at their people real quick. Um, employee, employee, tech support lead, head of engineering, software engineer. Um, former team, maybe we could reach out to software engineer or head of engineering. Do they have anything listed on their profile? Given about me, that's

02:19:00
no longer there. About their LinkedIn, empathetic cat software. So it looks like they're no longer at Hotjar. Okay. Let's check out their LinkedIn. Software engineer at Hotjar. They've been there for three years. No open messages. But I think they're, nope, a GitHub. Check out their GitHub profile. On their Twitter No open messages Alright that was a bus no open messages open DMS. No LinkedIn messages

02:20:00
Let's try LinkedIn hotjar Look for people, VP of engineering, software engineering team lead, that could be good. I'm just looking for recruitment. Director of talent acquisition. There you go, I'm gonna start with that. Talent acquisition partner. Let's accelerate, accelerate.

02:21:00
Talent acquisition lead at Hotjar. I'm gonna, I might hit these, these two. I don't know what an associate talent partner might be. It might be like a specific recruiter, but this is a talent acquisition lead. Open messages, we're hiring, let's go. All right, what do we know about them? Oh, Make-A-Wish Foundation, I also volunteer for Make-A-Wish. I might leave with that. I should not make a wish, let's

02:22:00
get something else. Uh, nothing really here. Just, uh, they like definitely do recruiting. Okay. Do they have anything else listed? No, this one's hard. But open messages. So I would shoot my shot. Um, let's see if we can find anything else real quick. I live in Italy, that could be. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, no, I don't say anything. All right. We'll just do a generic, generic. They got open messages. is, let's see, let's look at their activity real quick.

02:23:00
They post it all. No, wait, we're looking at their posts. All right, so it just looks like likes. All right, they got open messages, let's shoot our shot, let's send a message. Try the VP of engineering. I think I would if I if I was really doing this I would definitely go to the VP of engineering um Uh, what does hot jar even do let's look up hot jar real quick

02:24:00
Oh, yeah, this company's been around forever heat maps Uh, I would build some sort of heat map applique I would just build something really quickly it was like a heat map I don't know, let's do like, um, heat, open source, source, heat map, JavaScript, heat map JS. All right. Boom. I would grab something like this. I built I would add a heat map to my binary upload boom or my hundred hours project And that would be my way in so I send a message and my message would be like I Love heat maps a what is her name again Angela?

02:25:00
I saw that Hotjar had open engineering roles on your company website. and I recently built out heat maps for one of my projects. I would love to connect, to learn, I would love to learn more about your open engineering roles. Please let me know if you ever

02:26:00
have a few minutes to chat. Angela, I saw that Hotjar had open engineering roles in your company website. I recently got a heat match for one of my projects. Boom, I linked to it. I would love to learn more about open engineering roles. Since this is a global remote company, we really got to shoot our shot. Would you happen to have a few minutes next week to chat? If so, just name a time and I'll move mountains. to make it work. Have a great rest of your week. Cheers.

02:27:00
Yeah. There you go. Love moving mountains, I do. All right, cool. I love heat maps. You're going to click on it. You're going to click on it. I don't care. Hey Angela, I saw that Hotjar had open engineering roles on your company website, and I recently built out heat maps for one of my projects. I'd love to learn more about opening your open roles. Would you happen to have a few minutes next week to chat? If so, just name a time and I'll move mountains to make it work. Have a great rest of your week. Cheers, Leo. Boom. All right. Super simple. We didn't really, we couldn't really find anything to kind of like latch onto, to, um, but this is kind of like one of the generic things that you can, you can, you can do, uh, like you can just add something that their product is tangential to, it would take you like, what, 10, 15 minutes to add that open source heat map to your, um, to your project and then

02:28:00
you would move on, right? Hotjar, talking to Angela, what's her name, Angela, cool, and I would like link all the stuff that we found. Let's look at another global remote one here, Dockyard, what's Dockyard, nope, I don't It's modern tribe calling all curious problem solvers sign me up So see it's a little bit it's a little bit harder when you're not going through a job board that already has like two open roles Maybe something we could do that would speed this up Would be if we used our Google magic that we learned from previous classes and just added all these

02:29:00
companies to it Right. That's probably makes that probably makes more sense Get lab engineering cool. I got a lot of open roles Let's see if they have an angel list profile Cool. I don't have a person list it, look at all the team members. This is looking, I always look for recruiters first.

02:30:00
Senior technical recruiter. All right, Liam, come on. Give me something I can work with. Worked at GitLab. Are you still, you're no longer there? Oh, you're still here. Oh, all right. Let's see your profile. So you got a lot of stuff here we can work with. Go back, let's actually take a look at their profile real quick. Did they go to university? Yeah, I guess. Public speaker. They must have careers at GitLab. Okay.

02:31:00
Boom. Let's look at their profile. Get lab does not use recruitment agencies. So we have a large internal team. Cool. Cross fitting festival or getting out into nature. All right. We got, we can hook onto any of these writing, cross fitting festival. So like right off the bat, right, right off the bat, you could, you could, if you, if you, if you have any attachment to any of these, You could use that as your link in Messages are not open You don't have their Twitter linked Was their Twitter on here?

02:32:00
No, so we're probably just gonna go with email since they are a recruiter They probably would have LinkedIn We could talk about the D&I work. That would probably be my in here. But what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead and try and email them. So let's go to Hunter and do GitLab. Let's see what it looks like. It looks like first letter, last name. Yeah, pretty clear the first letter, last name. So my email, let's grab there, John over here, it would be lmcnelly is what I would start with,

02:33:00
cool, at gitlab.com, all right, yeah, it looks like it's coming up, boom. Um, and let's just say, Hey, Liam and there's CrossFit festival, getting out to nature. Let's see. Festival will probably be the best, like talk about like a recent festival. I think something funny about crossfitting could be had. I'm telling you when you're doing these with global remote, you got to stand out. I got lost in the woods.

02:34:00
Hey Liam. I saw that, I saw that GitLab had open roles and I wanted to reach out. I had open engineering roles, and I wanted to reach out. I promise my engineering talents far outpace my orienteering skills. Cool. Hey Liam, I saw that you have open engineering roles and I wanted to reach out. I promise my engineering transfer, I will paste my orienting skills.

02:35:00
Would you have any time this month To chat about Working at get lab or not getting lost in the woods All the best a great week Cheers Leon. Cool. There we go. I noticed you. What did they say on their

02:36:00
LinkedIn? I noticed God. All right. Oh, Liam, Leon, coincidence. I think not. That could be a good one. All right. I got lost in the woods. They're definitely clicking that. I don't care how many emails they get. Uh, they're definitely clicking that. Hey Liam, I saw that get left at open engineering roles and went to reach out. I promised my engineering talents far outpaced my orienteering skills. Anytime I just want to travel, we're going to get love. We're not getting lost in the woods. I know she like getting out to nature on LinkedIn. Have a great week. Cheers, Leon. Uh, wouldn't this come across as creepy? No, we passed creepy. Exactly. We're so past creepy. It's not creepy folks. Oh, wrong one.

02:37:00
It's networking. And so you got to get out of your head. You got to get out of your head. You're sending a hundred and eighty of these. If it works, it works, if it doesn't, it doesn't. Who cares? We're just trying to get them to open our messages. The biggest problem is that folks can't get in front of the people that can connect you. You can't lose a job you don't have. Stop overthinking it. Have some fun. Write some funny messages. Find your way in. Winners win, losers lose. You gotta find your way in, right? And so this is the way you can find your way in. So I like this one. I Got Lost in the Woods would be our title. And I think this is where we'll call it. We got nine out of 10. When we come back

02:38:00
on Tuesday, we're gonna go hard. We're gonna try and get 30 of these in one session. So I was trying to show you a little bit more of like what I would do, how I would reach out to folks. And I hope that it's been helpful to kind of see the approach I would take to reaching out to these very real people, uh, trying to get them to open my messages, trying to get them to, to give me the time of day. Uh, but that, that's kind of it. Yeah. Key takeaway here is have fun with it. You can't lose a job. You don't have exactly, uh, you people put too much pressure on themselves at this point in the process. And that's pretty sad because when you're overthinking it, you're not sending messages. When you're not sending messages, you're not opening up the doors that could help you get the job. So please, just try it. It's one out of 180. Some of them are gonna fall flat. Some of them will never be opened, but you're right there in the end. All right, everybody, have a wonderful rest of your night. Hope this was some fun

02:39:00
at least. Hope you start to see the intention behind the messages that I send. Hopefully getting folks to click, hopefully getting folks to start looking at your application not being a Clicker Tomorrow we have our tea spill then all next week. We're here together office hours class Other fun stuff awaits us. So let's get into it this weekend. Please take action right please take action right start your hit list start if you need me to tell you to start this is me telling you to start everybody have a wonderful rest of your night be well and I will see you all at stand up tomorrow peace
