00:00:00
All right, we start baby. Let's get this networking going What is your perfection Let's go. All right world record pace here. Why is this a five minute time? No get out of here. Come on timer Hours oh it's hours. Okay, we're good. We're good All right, five hours world record pace Let's carry some boats and logs three two Let's go. All right, let's change this Washington, D.C. Beautiful. We're going to have this lovely. No remote option. All right, let's make sure we have these things. North America remote is on great skills. We are looking here. Do we? We did label it to JavaScript node node JS. So we are limiting our total pool. We do have our keywords that are excluding senior and we do have company size

00:01:00
on. Let's get rid of that company size. I don't like that. All right, North America, back end, front end, full stack. Washington DC skills are on. We could take skills off if we wanted to, if we're running out of results, but I like the results. Let's go for it. All right, we're gonna get past the promoted back in JavaScript engineer. Let's go. All right. Five years experience. Let's get out of here. David Covello is the CTO. Let's see if we can find them. They do have their GitHub open. Sometimes GitHub has the email. No email, no link here. What a bust for the start of the run here. Folks, if you're filling out your angel list, make sure we can contact you. They do have a Twitter. Twitter might be small. They following the founder. Six followers, I don't see the CTO is not even on here. All right, bus, we're moving on.

00:02:00
We gotta be quick today, folks. World record pace. Keywords are we're doing minus, we're excluding senior lead staff, principal manager, director. You're throwing me off this world record pace here, folks. All right, Josh Raymond is the, uh, employer of record here. They do have a LinkedIn as always, folks, please don't make this weird. Don't open messages. Let's go. Why are you including staff? Cause staff is like a super senior engineer. All right. Open messages. Well, a power station has an impact on our lives. D round. What the heck does this company do? Let's take a look. Quality engineering team. How to maintain a unified test automation structure, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom,

00:03:00
boom. It is a remote. See if there's anything else here. All right. Best places to work. All right. Let's see if there's anything particular about this person going a little slow here to hit this world record pace. Oh They lead technical recruiting beautiful Beautiful alright, so this is directly the recruiter. We don't have to have any ifs ands or buts these kids got guts because Um, uh, they're already the recruiter. They want to hear from us, uh, help people find their dream jobs. They can build the best life possible. Boom. Uh, help me build my dream job will be my hook to this message. They have open messages and Stephanie is a connection. Uh, let's go easy dove. I could just ask Stephanie for the direct intro to this person. Uh, and if you

00:04:00
all connected with Stephanie after our Monday sessions, you already have in with Josh. So let's add this to the list. we can't delay any day let's go all right connect is Josh Raymond and their message is going to be help me find my dream job all right help people help me find my dream job beautiful I'll be our subject Our message would be hey Josh Saw that was name of the company flow queue We're gonna also flow cat flow class flow class here. All right, we saw that flow class Was hiring on angel list and

00:05:00
wanted to reach out. I love your, what did they say? Their mission on their LinkedIn, what was it? Your aha moment was helping people find their dream jobs. We always want to say engineers though, you saw that full class was hanging engineers on Angelus and went to reach out. I love that your a-ha moment on LinkedIn was to help folks find their dream jobs. I would love to learn more

00:06:00
about blowquests and hopefully find my dream job too. if let's go with a direct ask they're a recruiter do you have a few minutes next week to discuss open roles breathe a great weekend because this will it's only Tuesday have a great rest of your week we'll be able to copy this for future ones have a great rest of your week Cheers, Leon, beautiful. All right, we might go ahead, we might go ahead and, we might go ahead and massage these in the end, but for right now, this seems like a good one for me. I'm probably not gonna link their actual profiles. I'm just gonna say Josh.

00:07:00
Boom. All right. Hey Josh, saw that full cast of Hanging Genius on Angel List and wanted to reach out. I love that your on LinkedIn was to help folks find their dream jobs. I was a little more focused over my dream job too. Do you have any few minutes next week to discuss open roles? Okay, so we choose the boom job too. Let's go. Gonna just clear out each one. We don't need to get bogged down on the slowest down in the long run. All right, let's go back to angel list here next. We also didn't sort by, oh, we did sort by last active. All right, great. We're doing last active. All right. Full stack engineer. Uh, we're getting, we're getting a lot of the remote ones. That's okay though. Um, we're just going to add the job onto the list. This is actually going to get my way here. We got to move this. We're going for world record pace. Uh, and this was flow cast.

00:08:00
Cool. All right. Let's see what we can find about these folks. Sonny Mays, the head of recruiting. Come on. Give me a good link. All right. LinkedIn. Open messages. Let's go two for two. Prominent companies that are thriving today. Specialties. Boom. All right. Head of Recruiting, Travel Bank. Do they have anything that looks good here? They follow... FUBU. Schools, anything? CodePath, Groups, Companies. Alright, nothing too wild here, nothing too personal that I can click on. No... Twitter, was there a Twitter on their AngelList profile?

00:09:00
Travel Bank, no. Alright, we're gonna just go ahead and copy this message that we were gonna send to Josh. Speed up the process a little bit here. Remember, world record pace. This is Sonny May. All right, hey Sonny. Solve that. Oh, we gotta do something. We gotta remember to copy these names. We're losing some time here. Travel bank. and shout was there anything we can hook on to UC Berkeless let's see nothing really there's nothing there though we saw it in LinkedIn there's nothing there maybe 15 years talent you might just keep this there might not be a good way in with this one. Um,

00:10:00
maybe what would you pitch on Shark Tank? That's what we're going to go. That would be our message. Hey, Sonny. I saw that traveling was hiring engineers and angels don't reach out. I love that you follow Damon John I spelled out John on LinkedIn I'm mildly Obsessed with Shark

00:11:00
Tank. I would love to learn more. Travel Bank, beautiful. All right. Hey Sonny, I saw that Travel Bank is hiring and I just wanted to reach out. I love that you follow Demon John on LinkedIn. I'm highly obsessed with Shark Tank. I would love to learn more about Travel Bank and hopefully learn more about open roles. I'll open roles. You have a few minutes next week to discuss. You have a few minutes next week for me to learn more. Just name a day slash time and we'll use the move mountains line. Control F mountains. Let's go. Boom. adding it see these first ones we go a little slower but then we start to have this like pool

00:12:00
of work that we can build off of in a day at a time and I'll move my house make it work have a great rest of your week cheers Leon boom all right we're done Sunny Bay we're moving on Leon the the messages are not that easy to read you should be using the link use the direct link use the direct link slow me down slow me down all right number three I need to be a little bit smaller so I can I can focus there we go boom there we go make it bigger now you're getting timed out you're slowing me down this world record pace messing with my record all right let's take a look at this timer where we at all right we're going good all right you can keep up this pace all right number three let's go back to the job listings clear out See you, Sonny. It was great to meet you. Boom, number three. Affid. Blockchain developer. I'm going to skip it for now. Full stack engineer. Next gen Tango

00:13:00
Analytics. We've got to remember Tango Analytics if we wind up finding a job. Sarah Joyner. Sarah Joyner. No links. No links, Sarah Joyner. Anybody else listed on the employers here? No. All right. We're not putting any more work into this. We're just going to keep going. We got 600 plus companies we can be looking at. If the if it's not easy to find the the stuff we're moving on. All right, they got their github linked Do they have the email? No email in the github Look at that Sheesh look at that That's sexy. All right Sorry, zac no contact information Means i'm not applying i'm moving on Uh, we, we, we're going for world record pace. I can't be wasting time like this. All right. We'll give the CEO a shot. CEO. Oh, this looks promising. Come on, CEO. Messages

00:14:00
are open. Let's go. All right. So this is for Astra. What does Astrid do? Processes payments to the speed of the internet. So they're probably like a competitor to Stripe or something. Yep. Watch them use like Stripe or anything or something. All right. So it looks like, oh, 14 million raised. One to 10 people means they are hiring folks. They are hiring and they're giving out fat equity too. All right, we're definitely applying Astra going on the list. Christian, this is all for you. So this was for, the connect was Gil Ecos, beautiful. their messages were open and aside from Jayhawk basketball love

00:15:00
finance and deep learning we could go the Jayhawk thing that's so on the nose I'm gonna go with something that probably gets Gil up in the morning I hate stripe I don't think I actually hate stripe at this moment so I'll say there you go well hate is a strong word but I've definitely been definitely struggled I can't say hate stripe I love stripe I can't go with that. I love Stripe. I can't even, I can't even fake it. Even for a speed run. It's hired.

00:16:00
Oh, straight. There we go. Tiger stripe. Hey, go deeply believe that the payments This space needs more competition. I saw that you were hiring on AngelList, I always gotta say hiring engineers on AngelList and I wanted to reach out and yoink this boom more about Astra cool all right tired of stripe hey yo I deeply believe that the payment space needs more competition

00:17:00
I saw your hang engineers and angels went to reach out I would to learn more about Astra and hopefully a little more about open roles if you have a few minutes next week to learn more uh next week to chat i'm gonna say to chat for a quick chat um let's make it work cheers Leon what if i had a number in my name boom all right i feel comfortable with that We're moving on speed run, baby. We can't overthink it. We just gotta keep going. All right. Let's clear out Gil here. Next job. Actually seems pretty dope though. I definitely would. This sounds cool. I like that. Full stack engineer, backend engineer. Why is it still all saying LA? It is Washington DC. I guess LA is just the home base for a lot of these companies that are remote hiring. All right. Forge provides payment infrastructure

00:18:00
for government social programs. Hell yeah. Uh, full stack engineer. There's someone listed Mindy. Come on, Mindy. Give me something. LinkedIn open messages, baby. Come on, let's go. Contact info. Nothing. All right. No time. No time. Hunger swipe. Get the restaurants faster. I'll take that. Uh, Russian app, software developer, back end front end. Uh, I don't think it actually matters. Oh, that one was for New York. The other one was remote. Okay. Remote. Boom. All right. Any links? Manny. Come on Manny. Come on. Let's go Manny. Founder. All right. So they're the founder of Hunger Swipe.

00:19:00
Um, let's say what they've raised is their emails on the website. We'll take it. Otherwise we're moving on. Actually too much time. We're moving on. Come on. Come on. Bottle up, hey, nightlife, book an app, let's go. No JS, intern, Washington D.C. on the list. Kenan, come on, Kenan. LinkedIn, no open messages, but we do have the Twitter. Come on, open DMs, Kenan. You're a founder and CEO, gotta keep these DMs open. No, all right. They like their Facebook, I'm not clicking on Facebook. This is a good fit. Christian is in Washington DC. We have to go the extra mile here. Hopefully we can find out something about bottle up.

00:20:00
They have their website here, so let's do bottle up app. Don't take me to the app store. They're super early. That's why they're super, super early. Do we get anything on Hunter? Most common pattern. Oh, there's Kenan's email right there. All right, sweet. Copy Kenan's email. We'll just use that live. So this is for bottle up app. The connect is Kenan. Kenan is the plug. All right, Keenan, uh, we got the email, um, uh, message. Oh, actually, I'm going to leave those off here. Message for Keenan founder, look

00:21:00
at the LinkedIn real quick. Is there anything we can latch on to here? Fence nightclubs, lounges, festivals. What was that my chemical romance festival that got canceled? Chat, help me out here. Speed run. Is this cheating? Actually, don't help me. I might be cheating. When when we were young or while we were young, We were young festival We could use that I can't use it. It would be cheating. I can't do it Cat stop you're influencing me. This is a world record I don't want any I don't want any tarnish on my reputation So we're going to use a different angle

00:22:00
Well, they're having trouble with Angelus though, they have anything on there Sweet swag All right I got to get better at the copy and paste and all right, here we go. phone behind.

00:23:00
Alright, so the bottle up app was hiring engineers and angel is going to reach out. Play a play here, right? Can I get a reservation for two next week? I want to reach out possible to grab five minutes of your time next week to learn more about open roles. Super interested in the event space. Name a day slash time.

00:24:00
And I'll move on. Let's make it work. I'm just going to grab this whole point right here. Copy All right, Doomjaw, welcome. All right. Hey King, I saw a bottle of apple cider and the angels went to reach out. What would be possible? Grappling is your time next week to learn more about open rules to bring in the event space. Name of date, time and move on. Boom. Let's go. All right. Fifth job. Fifth job. Got to keep this going. Dress life. We saw this before, so we're going to skip it. I want to be a tarnishing reputation here. All right. Med crib looks good. May the force be with you. Size, video, LinkedIn, come on open messages. Other contact info, Twitter, open DMs, open DMs. They're the COO though. Since they're the COO, we can probably get to them via email. Do they have anything on here that we can use as an in?

00:25:00
Cybersecurity Awareness Month, COO, if anybody else, any other employees, you all team members. Come on. If there's a recruiter on here, we'll go for it. If not, we're going to move on. Talent acquisition. Boom. All right. This person has a photo, so more likely. No link though. No link. Might be too big for the seal, I'm moving on. Did I just delete my starting point? There we go. Folks can come back to these roles though. Like these roles are like, If you want to put a little bit more work in you could probably make it work, but we don't got time

00:26:00
All right Kanda I was no links though. All right, let's keep pushing All right Hopper Road d1 at Penn Open messages. All right, so this is hopper Hill gas It looked like an internship but with like not great pay but who cares Get offers, right All right,

00:27:00
this was for see I'm slacking Avenue Rowing scene was the best part of of The social network I don't know if you ever saw the social network and that that music hit with the rowing scene. That was fire We're gonna grab this Boom boom changes to hopper All right, I'll cross from his genesis of open

00:28:00
role super interested was there space again what do they do event space all right but we don't have to change shit let's go all right event space All right. Boom. Next job. All right. Trunk. DevX in a box, lead recruiter, LinkedIn, any agencies at this time, 10 years of experience using full cycle global recruiting, Roblox, Blue, OpenTable, Zanga, Discord.

00:29:00
Wait until they see my boxes. Easy. It's easy, folks. Easy dub message. Can I show you my Pokemon collection seriously? Um, all right.

00:30:00
Hey Susie, we're going to start with the template that we've been using for the other ones. Maybe this company was trunk IO, but not the look. I know I'm locked in folks. Trunk IO Can I show, can I show you, can I show you my Pokemon collection? Seriously? Hey Susie. I just wanted to reach out. Super interested in what do they do? I guess I'm not locked in is it I would say DevEx space

00:31:00
Cool, that backspace, if you have to grab from your time next week to learn about more More open roles, printer space, also what an amazing career. where your past and current roles read like a dream list of companies for me.

00:32:00
All right, well, I like that. So I was trying to reach out. All right, we're moving on. Thank you, Susie. We can't break until we hit 10 I am breaking it so I hit 10 This is actually pretty dope I don't care if it's an internship, so we'll go with it. It's typescript node Express This is our stack hiring contact founder Sorry, Michael. No open messages,

00:33:00
contact info, LinkedIn, open messages. Open messages. Nice. Twitter, open messages. is. We got our way in, folks. OSFD, OSFD. All right, let's grab our template up here. Alright, hey Michael, saw that OSFD was hiring engineers and angels, wanted to reach out. You're tiny to learn more about open roles super interest in DevEx space. Let's make it work an amazing career

00:34:00
This isn't super interested in the Blockchain dowel space I guess we could say a blockchain down. I really use LinkedIn So I'm close that tab just to keep my efficiency up Blockchain down or a platform Dallas space. We'll just say Dallas space Cool. This is a Twitter message. We don't need an opener. Are we going to send a straight message? Hey, Michael. Hi. I'm Jeff. How's it going? We're moving on. I think this was, uh, this was a weaker one, but it's a Twitter message. The Twitter message is not really at the overthink. Just go three more. we take a break maca come on we got a connection come

00:35:00
on daniel let's go all right open messages on LinkedIn? No. You have a connection though. Open DMs though. Let's go. Wait, are they still at this company though? Oh no, they moved on. Stealth mode. Oh, maybe they're I'm not in stealth mode anymore. Or maybe this, oh. Did AngelList just get them out of stealth mode? Not very stealthy.

00:36:00
I guess they just are no longer in the south because that's it all right that threw me off more than it should have. All right. We're just going to shoot a normal, it's a, it's a Twitter DM though. So Twitter DMs, we don't have to overthink, uh, we can literally say, send the same message we just sent. The, the Twitter DMS are just, they just convert way better. You don't need to be really special with them. And this was Danielle. Yeah. Cool.

00:37:00
I'm super interested in, this is like dynamic pricing. Alright, slowing down, slowing down, can't do this, alright, super interested in companies that help companies make more money there's a book it's called Powder keg powder

00:38:00
keg jobs ah i forget what the book was but the whole point was that you want to be on a team that's a powder keg that like that um that makes money not loses money All right, it's too distracting you can't do that Other companies make more money. I also want to grab the Susie line here. I Think it's applicable Um, love it. We're going to remove the, for me though, dream list of companies. Yeah.

00:39:00
Um, cause you want to make it sound like that mock is not on that dream list. Two more, two more than we get a break. Oh, we haven't even hit an hour yet. Folks. We haven't even hit an hour. We might hit, cause we did have a little time in the beginning. So we're going to hit 10 in the hour. So we're on a world record pace here, folks, 10 an hour, a blazingly fast indeed. Come on. Bring the human layer into remote work. I'm hip. Come on, Joshua Green. What do you got for me? Open messages on LinkedIn. Come on, give it to me. Yes, let's go. You just about to get loud for a second. Timmy welcome back All right, joshua green open messages, what do we got for me

00:40:00
Crowd tuning your groovy lives just supporting each other We're gonna find support and human connection We don't get Got studying meditation while freelancing as a strategy consultant. We're just going to say best tips on how to meditate. My opening message for this this LinkedIn message would be tips on. Any meditation tips. We're going to grab the same line here. It's going to be a little different. It is LinkedIn. So I want to put a little bit more effort in here. If

00:41:00
they go, they open up a LinkedIn message. It's just a little bit more behind it. This job was groove. I'm super interested. it. I love your commitment to helping folks find support and human connection.

00:42:00
I will find important human connection would love to learn Learn more and I definitely need some love to discuss, talk more to talk about opportunities at groove or just talk shop about meditation baby let's go cheers I love that we're getting a response to that one next job boom boom boom boom boom

00:43:00
boom boom boom all right let's go one more one more we take a break baby Rush blockchain developer. We did this 360 text next. I don't like their logo. Oh, patent search 2.0 skip the haystack. Find the needle. I like that. That's fire. All right. James CTO, LinkedIn connection. Cool. Anything on here? No open messages. Is there other contact info? They do have a personal website and a GitHub. Sometimes people put their email on GitHub. No email on GitHub. Why is that constantly striking out today?

00:44:00
And their website's not up. Time is money, folks. Time is money. I ain't wasting no more time. Let's get this money though. next premium web three on ramp and gateway to the metaverse Open DMs, let's go I grabbed this link here.

00:45:00
It doesn't matter. People put silly stuff on the angel list. All right. Um This was i'm getting too into the music i don't even know how to pronounce that

00:46:00
I was going to say web three space. I'm gonna save out the future Metaverse boom. Let's go. All right. Timer. Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? Shit. Where's my timer? Let's go under an hour, folks under an hour, 45 minutes, 45 minutes, 10 jobs on the hit list we can take a break and still and still hit

00:47:00
our 10 an hour goal here let's go five minutes on the clock folks can't stop won't stop Rockefeller records we came to get down if you're new around these parts every top of the hour we like to take a break be healthy hydrate get around move around if you need to boom all right gotta be locked in before the timer ends we got this speed run world record pace no delay getting a job today let's go Three two one out of here. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. All righty Next on the list Boost commerce All right Technical support. That's fine. Oh, no, they got I

00:48:00
got got they didn't list an actual person You mean people no people Next The power powering the meaning in money, all right, just luminary one week ago remote head of engineering No links Anybody else Ceo look at all the team members here. Maybe they have a recruiter chief of staff Was that Peloton that's dope I'm not sure if you're a woman or not, but that could be your in here.

00:49:00
ABC backed company messages are open though. We're going for it. Have any activity? Any posts from themselves? Um, cool, we can talk about the meeting for the first time. Now we're just going to go easy, easy, easy, easy, easy, quick, quick, quick response here. Um,

00:50:00
it's a luminary. It's an open LinkedIn message. We're not gonna overthink this one Mary Lang and it's luminary Let's go simple with this one Go with the hey Michael copy up here I could say teaching the meaning of money. Ah, that's a good one. I can't, I can't use, I can't use it from chat though. I don't know if a world record here and I want any, I don't want any Hans Magnus situations happening right now. If you know what I mean? All right. So this is luminary.

00:51:00
Mary. I don't even know what they do, honestly. Oh. Oh, that's actually pretty neat. Like estate planning is pretty dope, but we're spending too much time on this. I don't want to overthink it anymore. Boom, we're just gonna move on with that. Might not be our most converting message, but full stack intern, that's okay. Image-based copywriting platform, that is dope. Come on, give me open messages. Open messages.

00:52:00
No, no. Oh, this would have been an easy win because you could have just done our machine learning class and gotten the response in. It's too bad founding backend engineer Antonio. Open messages. No, I do have a couple connections though, but unfortunately Christian That might not help you That's pretty cool LinkedIn Open messages come on open messages. No open messages other contact no Twitter. No anything

00:53:00
He's been there for two years though, uh, we might, this might be, I like that they've been there for that time. Let's see if we can get a, um, uh, a hunter hit here. They don't even have their, oh, there we go. One result BG at veneer labs. That wasn't our person though. Our person's Harrison. I might take my shot with just Harrison at that then this might not be the the correct But I

00:54:00
think it's worth a shot Arms.com message hot dog Not hot dog A harrison Boom I have a bunch of fun machine learning projects in my apps, in my portfolio, uh, what are they do exactly again

00:55:00
national security but he seems fun though but it's such a serious thing that doesn't matter we're going for it I have a bunch of fun machine learning asked my portfolio but would love to apply my skills to something more serious like that Oh Harrison be fun be fun we're gonna do that have a great rest of your week. Cheers, Leon. Bro, not even Leon believes in himself. I don't know. It's a gamble. He's like he's smiling. He seems happy.

00:56:00
Like he's probably getting all these stuffy like responses like this could be fun for them. All right, next. Dress life is promoting a heavy that we went down the closet route before and it didn't work out. Um, oh no, that might've been slightly different company. No, you're currently hiring, but how do I, how do I reach you, my friend, I can't reach you. Anybody else on the team? Nope. Probably just their name at the closet AI. They did go out the way to say that they're hiring. We're going to take our shot with the closet AI on Hunter.

00:57:00
We're going to try it. It might not work. We're just gonna use their email. We're gonna try their first name. And this company was The Closet AI, and this was Akron. AI just redid my living room. Closet next, I was gonna say, this is redid my living room. Hey Akram, we're going to use the normal template here. We're going to add some spice to it. I saw that Closet AI was

00:58:00
hiring engineers and I just want to reach out next week to learn more about open roles. I recently remodeled my living room based on Levels.io There we go interior AI call Would be amazing to Do it to Vamp my

00:59:00
wardrobe to All right, that's good enough shows that I know about the space a little bit Clean up a little bit here You feel it folks I feel it let's go Requirements are for nerds, exactly. If you're looking at the requirement, you're doing it wrong. I don't like your logo. Next. Ooh, full sack. Um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, Trevor, give me something.

01:00:00
Nothing. Trevor didn't give me a damn thing. Any other people? Nope. Next. I just like the name F yo, I would love to work at this company. Brian Gale. Come on. Give me something. Brian. LinkedIn. Open message. Ooh. And they got the hiring. You can do this. that's fire I want to know more about you though Brian tell me a little bit about yourself I feel like we're making good time so I can maybe spend the extra second these people's websites are just not open I mean up maybe the Twitter or give me something fun, blockchain security company.

01:01:00
Super professional. That's cool though. I respect that. This LinkedIn looks dope though. I like this, like the hiring and the hiring. All right. I'm going to go with the your journey route because they've done some like a lot of work in this space. Now we're going to they're keeping it corporate. Let's keep it corporate. Let's do the Michael copy here and move on. I'm just going to get an easy win on the board. I just got to read the read the post. You know, I just got to read the post.

01:02:00
Hey, yo, hey, yo, hey, yo, hey, yo. Super interested in the cybersk- ooh. super interested in web three cyber security boom next a sports bot watch

01:03:00
any game in one click interesting interesting does it work okay kind of use reddit for this but So, this is the 100 Thieves Stream Beats Playlist, fire it, no open messages, a lot of you Penn All right, no open messages, nothing I can get to next has been no, oh, park aid. My dream since I was like five was to own a bunch of parking lots. So this would be right up my alley. I once left a tech conference

01:04:00
because the conference next door was like the international parking conference and I had the best time. It was one of the best conferences I've ever been to. Sales optimization for the alcohol industry. I don't know about that, but Rishon, that'll be up to you to decide. no open messages I'm hella connected to this person though I'm hella connected look at these connections that's my boss that's the person I went through tech stars with. Did their Twitter link anywhere?

01:05:00
Oh my mouse is going a little screwy here. Oh, they are Texas winter to open DMS great open DMS This will be Dan We'll do the normal Michael message um it's a twitter dm so we can just be straight to the point maybe this company was brown signal i've only heard of them before more the dialing ringtone to the beat drop what you're not allowed to do that

01:06:00
Joe here that I really did that y'all All right, they didn't reach out those what do they do Super interested in big data Yeah. Okay. I'm super interested in how big data and machine learning can optimize established industries. I

01:07:00
want to say old-school industries I'll say that established industries. Oh a a a Next Next. Cool AJ with the raid. Let's go. Three people to the party. We had a good stream. Work arise platform to run your entire business back in developer. Let's go. Oh, remote only, I like that. All right, open LinkedIn. Doesn't exist. See, that's how you do stealth

01:08:00
mode. All these people say they're in stealth mode. I clicked on this guys, LinkedIn didn't exist. That's how you do stealth mode. Buildings swell. Bash track your career by joining a venture-backed team? Jason, you're singing my language here. No can- Why are you doing this to me Jason, why are you doing this to me? No way, this is accessible.

01:09:00
Okay, okay, I actually like this one even though they don't list it. We're just going to look for them on LinkedIn. Totally didn't see that in chat. Um, this is not going to affect my world record pace. I love it. No connections. Uh, we're just going to go with Jason at building. I'd be really surprised if that wasn't their email. And they went out of their way to say like they want to help people build their careers.

01:10:00
So I'm going to go with that. it. I think that's, um, I'm going to say I want to leave an impact and then show you ready to change right on the nose with it. Hey, Jason. I Tracked my career

01:11:00
and fast track your career, Jason, by hiring me. I'm going to describe this, they know what it is. Uh, what did they do one more second, smarter

01:12:00
buildings. I'm super interested in smart construction tech. All right. Oh, was that the wrong spot? I'm slipping. Cool. This is what happens, folks. Actually, I'm not going to say that super interested, um, cause I already did the, the cheesy opener. No need to double stack the cheese. You know what I'm saying? Animal style, modus create architect, not our speed, no logo, future fringes, speculative design and foresight explorer.

01:13:00
I'm sure you have bar what you need, saving what you crave. Okay. No. Metacommerce. Okay. Ryan. Come on, Ryan. Give me an open LinkedIn here. No LinkedIn, Ryan. Come on Metacommerce Software as a service company. Oh That's actually pretty dope idea I actually like this idea so let's see if

01:14:00
we can find them Twitter They had too many followers so just gonna go to LinkedIn and search for this person Ryan Watkins is a very generic name, so it's gonna be hard. We'll say Metacommerce and maybe we'll get somewhere. Boom. All right, they are a third connection of mine. No open messages. Hunter. I'm gonna go Hunter on this one. I do like them, so. Oh Boom there we go. Ryan's email Ryan Metacommerce app. Love it We got their email Let's go ahead and grab

01:15:00
the generic Michael copy Come on folks, this is how we do. All right, so General Michael copy, we'll switch this to Ryan and we've got to find are in. Marketing and sales stack. Wallet management automation platform. Which Web3 Every brand is your favorite.

01:16:00
So I'll metacommerce super interested in the web three space. Especially when applied to

01:17:00
All right, folks, we're definitely on world record pace here. We're definitely going to hit these 10 in the next hour. So we need three more to stay on world world record pace folks Come at me, ah, let's go Turn product data into revenue Rebel no We do want to speed up a little bit here here. We have a good shot of setting the new world record and we're going to go for it. So if they don't have LinkedIn, okay, there we go. Can we open messages? Can we open message world record pace here?

01:18:00
All right. They got their portfolio site. Portfolio is not live. They have other people here. Oh, they're a bigger company. So that might be why they don't want to have it open. Or they're not there, but it says fancy title CTO, maybe they have an open LinkedIn, nothing. What a L. Come on. We can't have this this close to our break. Grisham might tank their speed run for the second time. Tokenize all the things baby. Let's go open messages. is so

01:19:00
this was velvet capital. Let's look at the company again. He's a lot of big words. Zero house people and it's great tokenized index funds. All right message. I tokenize my mama if I could know what what's a good one?

01:20:00
They do like, they do index funds. So is it, are there actual tokenized index funds already? What is the best tokenized index fund? We'll use the same Michael reply standard here. We're trying to get them to open that LinkedIn message. Silly, right? Wait, silly? Solve that Velvet Capital. Velvet Capital.

01:21:00
Okay, I'm trying to reach out. When applied to additional. They are really about like removing centralized whatever. We should add that. That might get them going. I gotta click on the actual role to get to that Let's throw that in there. Um,

01:22:00
when it, when it provides people with financial independence, free from, we'll just say central centralization. You're going to complete. All right next. We're going to hit this folks. We're going to hit this early early early. Oh, that's cool. Cryptocurrency prime dealer. What the heck is that?

01:23:00
Soft drives the future of the personal computer. Sign me up. PC in the cloud. Um, I love PCs in the cloud. You know what I love even more than PCs in the cloud? Open link down. Was their birthday recently though? Can I get their contact info somewhere else? There's something else linked here. Oh, they did have their GitHub, maybe email and GitHub. No, no email on your GitHub, Alan. Come on portfolio. Portfolio, well that's going down soon Yeah, tell me about it Soft drive I really want to wish them a happy birthday. So I'm gonna see if soft Drive Is on here. Is it Co?

01:24:00
Soft drive Co. Okay, so hunter actually pulled it up Leonard, so I'm assuming Alan at Soft Drive would also be the same thing. Happy belated birthday. I saw that soft drives retiring engineers on the angel list and And I forgot to say I wanted to reach out and

01:25:00
to provide and wanted to make your birthday wishes come true okay hiring me for your team Super interested in the PC in the cloud space. I worked remotely for years and was had

01:26:00
my life changed by shadow.tech which enabled me to have a gaming PC on the go. Well, Christian, I'm sorry. You won't actually know if you worked really late. I would say, I would just remove that and say, shout out to Tech. Changed my life and enabled me to have a gaming PC anywhere really opened my eyes to the space and the future

01:27:00
all right hey Ellen I saw the software was hiring engineers and Angeles went to of your birthday wishes come true aka hiring me for your team. Also got five minutes of your time next week to learn more about open roles. I'm doing a PC in the cloud space. I'll take change my life and have a game PC anywhere. Really open my eyes to the space and the future. Boom. All right. You're gonna have to clean that up, Christian. All right. Last one before we take a break ahead of time. World record pace. World record pace. The only clinically validated vital signal for mental health. That's dope. Monitor anxiety and depression. No links.

01:28:00
All right, we've got to move on, no links, we need one more so we're not going to waste any time. Autonomous robots for infrastructure inspection, modernized healthcare communication, let's do that. Someone's getting lit, realizes that we're on world record pace. LinkedIn open messages for sure. No open messages. I do have a mutual connection though. That is a good friend. I'm sure I could just get a connection through that. Oh, open DMs. Let's go. Alright. Open messages. We'll send them a tweet. Tweets are short and sweet.

01:29:00
Tweets Boom we're not gonna play any games since it's a Twitter message. We're at our 20. We just got to go for it It was canal And the company was spruce health And what do they do I

01:30:00
really believe everyone should have I truly believe access to affordable healthcare and would be excited to work In the space boom. All right, there we go. Let's go Let's go We're at 20 world record pace 10 more to go That we're beating the timer look at this folks look at us go beating the timer here world record pace Uh, we're gonna bring in the timer

01:31:00
We're going to take our breaks, you know, we're going for world record break world record pace. We're healthy folks like to get up with like to move around hydrate if we're able to take care of ourselves. We're in this for a marathon. We're on 20 of 180 all right, five minutes on the clock. You got this. See y'all in five. Let's do this. We're locked in. No time to waste. Don't delay getting a job today. We're on that world record pace an hour and 17 minutes to do it. I feel it. It's gonna happen folks Today you witness history They said it couldn't be done. I Showed them how to do it DC progression first one of the new lot Going to the LinkedIn show me you got a lot open messages, baby. Let's go Woo, let's go, burn along, thank you, open

01:32:00
messages. All right. IT video platform for health and wellness. Easy, this is for Mike. we're grabbing this message right here the Michael text now the canal text hey Mike saw that burn along It's hiring engineers on angel lists looking for a problem solver a doer Let's not just say what they're working on though, I just raised funding to so we know they're hiring

01:33:00
Yeah, all right, so can't hit the gym at friends Okay All right. Hey Mike, I only workout online. Hey Mike, I truly believe in the power, power of online workouts to trans form lives boom put a dub on the first shot let's go

01:34:00
play posit building interactive videos can we go for the back-to-back The two time we got the LinkedIn. What are we feeling? What are we feeling? Let's do a YOLO You're out now you'll be too quick we will do a YOLO in the future y'all can type fast I forgot about that No open messages other connection network folks network Nah, I thought we had the back-to-back, the two-time, doesn't seem to be that way unfortunately. We're gonna move on,

01:35:00
I ain't got no time to waste, I got world records to break. I don't like learning development center. I don't like it. I don't like it. Monitor stack for usage based software founding developer. That's pretty cool. Matt Harris, head of talent. Definitely open LinkedIn. Oh yeah, you can tell I knew you're going to have open LinkedIn messages. I love it. Thank you. Talent leader Ping me if you're interested in learning more Working on something new with an incredible team at turnstile Was that was the actual um Okay beautiful We're just gonna hit them with the easy message then making our lives simple He said to ping you

01:36:00
And this was Matt, Mr. Matt Harris, a Matt saw that turnstile tying engineers on angelists Found your linkedin Well saw your linkedin And wanted to reach out More about open roles We don't have to even front with this one. What do they do? Nah, we're not even overthinking they told us to reach out. I don't need to make anything up Just name a date and time and I got you fam. All right boom next Yo, world records are being smashed tonight, folks. Smashed. The developing accessible ways

01:37:00
for users to interact with web three, sign me up. Oh yeah. Redwood JS, I love Redwood JS. One of our 100 devs members from this cohort. See, I'm getting comfortable. I know I'm gonna crush this world record. I got time to chat one of our folks from 100 devs their open source contribution was redwood This would be a easy dub for them Oh nothing though, you don't give me anything Equal time virtual meeting coaching in real time, that's dope Hell yeah This is some beat saber type shit right here Rachel, come on, Rachel. Open

01:38:00
LinkedIn. No open messages. It seems like a bigger company though, 11 months. Do they have other folks on the team? Let's see if anything comes up with the email. I actually kind of like this because we can reuse one of our messages so it is worth the quick check and Rachel's email quick dub

01:39:00
Too easy indeed too easy Alright, equal, time, what do they actually do? When they say coaches, is it like life coaches or like workout coaches? Power of virtual meetings. to accelerate I can only spell accelerate with an accelerate

01:40:00
How virtual meetings to accelerate growth. I like it. Oh, it is an email though, so we need something from Rachel Might even hit them with the Um, I have like a really cool background when I hit them with the Susie line. So I did too much time on this, but I feel like this one could actually convert. So when I have a good twinkle on my toe, I feel like I could actually get a response, spend a little bit more time.

01:41:00
I might put in something about their volunteering, but we can ask for like a meeting on their platform. How can I optimize our virtual meeting for next week? Boom. Hey, gotta clean up a little bit. When people see these tabs and they click away, not understanding that they're experiencing history, the world record

01:42:00
pace. Hey, does this work? Data driven HVAC, that's actually pretty sweet. How much energy is probably wasted on HVAC systems. I hate when people do this and they don't actually put the person you should talk to. Oh, I take that back. Shelby, I take that back. I see you Shelby. All right,

01:43:00
easy message. Boom, love it, easy, easy, next. HVAC is like eating, uh, heating and cooling for folks that don't know what that is.

01:44:00
All right, job 25, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 more, 6 more with 45 minutes on the clock. World record, baby easy. Bella recruiting team you got an email for me and we just been missing emails in the in the in the John's here now all right Oh, big into this. Come on, Carlos. Give me something. Nothing. Let's look you up on LinkedIn, though. Come on, brother. What was the company fractal

01:45:00
fractional? Third connection, open messages. They just went through Y Combinator. What was the thing that Logan Paul did fractional ownership on? Uh, I'm just going to say message, uh, they have open LinkedIn messages, right? I didn't miss miss read that. Yeah. Open LinkedIn messages. Easy clap here. So let's go ahead and. And this was Carlos. Fractional ownership is the future boom.

01:46:00
Saw that fractional was hiring. after seeing fractional owner ship shake up the collectibles space I'm super excited to see it applied to other industries boom let's go let's go let's go To

01:47:00
visit Old record pace can't stop won't stop. Man Angelus is eating off of these promo ads. Power platform maven. I'm not ready to be a maven. through pewter this is a DC one though so They might be on

01:48:00
S-Games mode though, let's see. No open messages, they do have that website, but we could easily reuse the machine learning message, but it has to be market through pewter, right? Like there's no way that it's not market through pewter. So we're just going to go for the easy dub here It might not be it but I highly doubt that it's not mark at the reputer And since we already have a message that we can reuse

01:49:00
I still it's hilarious like national security. I have no idea what this means. I kind of know, but not really want to say pass a little cheeky for Mark, I think. But we're just going for world record pace here or more baby one two three four I can count Clean it up Drill it in

01:50:00
Go to work Put in that work World record pace Ah shareholic Oh Gee Boston company J How you been? Job just they give us the the links directly Do it actually not I know them I don't I wouldn't want to do that. Let's go. Let's do this I know them so it's probably better Sherlock amazing company Definitely apply from the Boston area Um, but it's not a direct person. I don't like doing the, the, the jobs. I want to go to a person. Um, oh, this is in DC.

01:51:00
Ryan, come on, Ryan. LinkedIn. What was the name of the company? That looks like him though, no leverage, it is him, right? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Open messages. Come on. Make it easy for me. Ryan. I do have two connections though that I can use. I'm on open DMs. All right, moving on. Ooh, spreadsheet sync to your data. That's dope. actively hiring you

01:52:00
in that's definitely their personal site so we can go back to that they don't have open messages but they got the open messages let's go all right we're just gonna send standard message love connecting people network Spreadsheets for the next billion people just signed up. You can shave one off the billion.

01:53:00
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Oh, it's pronounced like Ian? That's cool. See, the thing about the hunt, right? Let's think about this, one second. I'm gonna go off, I'm taking the world record pace. So I already got it, it's already in the bag. Think about the hunt, right? Think about the hunt is you don't see the animal go by and go, I think that animal's too big, too fast. No, you always take your shot. You don't see the big, juiciest buck in front of you

01:54:00
just standing out there all cocky looking like. You don't just be like, I'm not gonna take my shot. You take the shot, you go for the kill. Right? So why is this any different? Just because we're on angel list. All right, Ian. Who's name is company source table and we need that what they said in their profile though um

01:55:00
i love big companies with I love big companies I love companies with big goals like building network get spreadsheets for the next billion people. Let's go. Love it. Three more people. Three more. Three more. Let's go. Three more. Oh

01:56:00
great back world record pace can't be stopped Wipers locked out, we're good, that's what the bangin' was all about. was three jobs camp stop. Let's go.

01:57:00
Needed a snack. All right. Three more. We're going to hit it. It got a half an hour to get three jobs. Why pay for ride share? We can ride with us for free? What? Pure cab. Oh, I guess because you work for them. That'd be funny. Okay, YC alum. No open messages, but it looks like they have, oh, it was also their birthday recently. Open DMS, beautiful. Let's do that. We can even do the cheeky happy birthday.

01:58:00
All right, boom and this was Um, okay Beautiful and this was rudy All right We'll just say, I joke, I joke, I joke, but

01:59:00
would it be possible? I joke, but would it be possible to grab, we have to change the other one to say I joke, it would be possible to grab rolls, uh, super interested in the, in a equitable ride share future. All right. We'll say super interested in a equitable ride share future. Cool. Two more baby. Two more. Let's go.

02:00:00
Building developer tools for stacks, enabling apps and smart coin contracts. 75 million, that's cool. Currently recruiting, okay, that's good. Senior recruiter. Open messages, let's go.

02:01:00
Still, are they still there? I'm not sure. Hmm. They might not be there anymore. Might be an old job. We'll move on. You only need two more to for the world record. Cross river. Okay. LinkedIn. Lexi. Come on. Open. Open messages. Nice. Recruiting. Whoa, that's pretty cool. They recruited the founding crypto team. Let's talk crypto. Boom. Easy intro.

02:02:00
They kind of gave us the dub there. I'm going to have to think of a leading message here. All right. Saw that cross the river. One word or two words. Oh, it's going to cost me a few seconds here in the world record pace two words Uh, let's talk crypto indeed I'm gonna keep it really simple. I'm gonna have like the sentence in there Because they already gave me an intro, they're a recruiter, they know the game. One more,

02:03:00
one more baby, one more, let's go, world record pace, 10 second warning, flashing lights. Let's go, alright, give me a good one, smashing, smashing world record pace here folks, keyhole

02:04:00
Real-time social media tracking. That's what we need Active one month ago CTO you got open messages on a LinkedIn No, you do have a Twitter though open DMS on Twitter No Next get to stepping Oh, OpenSea, that's cool, and they kind of like lose a lot of money recently, I'm not sure. Thought I heard some news about that. They have a recruiter, no recruiter listed here, but they did have

02:05:00
27 million raised. It might too be too big and I don't want to reach out to the CTO. What our last one to be a winner a real winner? Sneakerheads paradise Yo kit that sounds pretty cool Jeff Smith CTO, LinkedIn, open messages, no, open DM, no. I knew it by the logo. I wanted to believe though. All right, come on, give me a good one.

02:06:00
Intelligent test automation for agile teams, let's go. Mid-level yeah, let's shoot our shot Head of technical talent LinkedIn Open messages. Yeah Let's go pretty well connected to them to Have a technical talent. Do we have any? info Things they like things they do We have a maybe a Twitter All right, we'll wrap this up with a dub, they're a recruiter, we don't have to get real fancy with this one, they know the game, they're looking to headhunt, we're

02:07:00
on the They're on the hunt. Let's hunt together. Yeah, we don't need to overthink this one. They're a recruiter, they know what's up. I love Tess. I love Tess. There we go. And their name was John. I saw that. Shit was the name of the company. Mabel. You know, to reach out boom a oh, let's go world record pace. We got 40 minutes, 40 minutes left to spare folks.

02:08:00
We started with five minutes on the clock. Well, I didn't, I got to press the timer. Thank you for calling time. We started with five minutes on the clock. I was going for 30 jobs in three hours. We are 40 minutes ahead, 40 minutes ahead of world record pace, 30 jobs. In two hours and 20 minutes, 10 second warning. My second warning

02:09:00
Well done everybody, 30 jobs in under 3 hours, crushing world record pace and you were here life for the history for the dub no one has ever done it better throwing down a challenge beat my world record pace you can't you can't record yourself and share it if you do because we got to set the the the the leadership board here because I'm on the tippy-top can't be stopped won't be world record pace
