00:00:00
Next week is all react the week after we start the hunt. We have data structures, algorithms, big O notation, and then everything we need to do to be successful in the job hunt. So buckle in folks. Next couple of weeks are gonna be wonderful. We got a lot of wonderful stuff planned, a lot of things that are gonna help you cross that finish line. But the big piece, the thing that we need to get done is the MVP. So when we are going into the job hunt, we want to have a hundred hours project, a project that we have sunk a hundred hours into to complete and when we're in our interviews, we can say, hey, this is something I built, right? This is something I built. This is something that was, something I wanted to bring into this world, right? And I did it. Now

00:01:00
the MVP is the minimum viable product. The simplest version of that idea that can convey what you want to have happen to your users. And the full MVP is a way of taking that hundred hours project, right? Of taking that hundred hours project and distilling into something smaller, a little bit more manageable, right? A little bit more manageable that you can get done in a shorter timeframe and then continue to sink your hours into. Right? So I'm going to show you an MVP that I think looks decent. That will looks good. And was from one of our alumni and we're going to talk through it and then I'll answer some questions, and then I'm going to show you some other things we can do to get your MVPs across the finish line in time. All right. So

00:02:00
here's Nicholas Levenos. They're now a software engineer at Chow Now, which is kind of like a food delivery competitor, right? And so they have spilled the tea with us here on Discord, Daddy Anki, for those that remember them from the first cohort. And this was the app that they built for their MVP of their a hundred hours project. And it's funny because you think about your a hundred hours project as being something right, as being something that can tie what you did to your future, right? So a lot of times a hundred hours project, right? A lot of times a hundred hours project can help explain what you were doing before and be the bridge into what you're doing in the future. Or you can even tie it to things you were doing recently. Nicholas got a

00:03:00
client that was a chef, right? So they had a freelancer. The freelancing client they got was a chef. So they built out a wonderful website for this chef. Then their hundred hours project was food related, right? And then they got a job at Chow Now, which is also in the food space. So you can kind of see how the building blocks are there to be a good fit for a company like Chow Now, right? They had a good freelancing client. They had a good hundred hours project that was in the same vein. And then that opened them up to an opportunity at a company like Chownow, right? It was able to connect exactly the dots. And so I really liked this because you can sign up, nice, beautiful photo on the front, nice, beautiful font on the front, nothing too complicated here. Remember like if you're thinking like MVP, right? If you're thinking like

00:04:00
something simple, right? You don't have to go wild, nothing too big on the front page. When you log in, same log in, should look a little similar here, folks, should look a little similar here. Should look a little similar here, folks. And you log in and the beautiful thing is you can upload recipes, right? And so you can upload your recipes, you can tag them with the country, you can view the recipe, right? and then in the recipe you have kind of the ingredients, the directions, you can like it, and you can save it, right? So the extension here is they built on, right? They built on what we had covered in class, but made it their own, right? They made it their own. They made it so that it was not a

00:05:00
social media post, but a recipe post. They made it so that but you had the directions and made it. So you still had the core functionality that we had there, like the liking and stuff, but they also had a favoriting feature. And so now I can explore all the recipes. I can go to my favorite recipes, which are bookmarked. I don't know why my last pass is freaking out. I can go to my recipes that I upload it and I can add a recipe, right? It's gonna start slowing down because there's probably a lot of us on it now, but I can add my recipe. I can say what country it comes from. I can say the different dish types. I can add descriptions, ingredients, directions, upload files, right? And so it's not a wild leap from what we did with binary upload boom, but they made it their own. They tied it to their story, right? And they kept it simple. There's nothing here that we haven't done,

00:06:00
right? They extended it to be something that was meaningful to their story Something that they could use as they kind of go into the hunt and there's not a lot here. There's no fancy styling It looks clean. It looks crisp. It has the ability to do some really interesting features and It's just a good way of building out an MVP. And so you can see that there's still not even like text, right? They're still like they didn't they didn't worry about going like they didn't worry about they didn't stress over the copy I see so many folks when they start building out their MVP, they're stressing the text. No, stress the functionality, right? Stress how you're going to extend when we do a binary upload boom to be something that you want to create, right? And so this had all of the trappings of binary upload boom, but all the little bit extra is to make it their own, right? And so this is what I really like, right? The idea here, this is a simple MVP. it had

00:07:00
a few extra bits of functionality, which was like the favoriting, right? It had a slight modification, what we already did, which was instead of it being a social media post, it's a recipe and directions. And even on the explore page, you saw that they kind of changed up the, right, you saw that they kind of changed what like was showing for the posts. Right. So this is like the feed, but they add some extra stuff. They add in the usernames. Um, they add in like these little flags, which I really like. Right. And so this is just an MVP. They got a job before they finished this, right? Like they, they didn't need to keep work. They got the job, so they got the job pretty quickly. And so this was their MVP and with the MVP, they got the job. Huh? with the MVP,

00:08:00
they got the job. It's almost like we're going to start the hunt with just our MVP being done. And then as we're in the hunt, we'll finish our a hundred hours projects. Almost like that could be a possibility, just saying. All right. Right. And so the idea here is right. Like you don't have to do the most for your MVP Think about what you want to build slight incremental changes Keep the styling clean add your little touch to it, and that's a good MVP Well This is on Heroku Right now I think most folks are on Heroku next week I'm going to, I keep saying I'm going to push it, but I really, I'm trying to, to wheel and deal here. There are plenty of alternatives to Heroku that you can explore on your own.

00:09:00
I'm probably on Sunday for our super review, going to kind of pick my choice for like projects going forward. Yeah. Cool. What's wrong with paid Heroku, it's paid and we want to do everything for free here. The whole point of this bootcamp is to help folks that were affected by the pandemic. A lot of folks that lost their job where money is very tight, learn how to code and get a job that takes them out of that situation. So anything, unfortunately, that has a cost is out the window for a hundred devs. I will probably continue to pay for Heroku on my end, but it's not something I'm going to incorporate into my lessons because I want it, every single thing to be free. Cool. Coolaments, if you're new here, you could definitely hang around.

00:10:00
We're going to be jumping off very quick. This is just kind of like a quick, wanted to show folks a few things before they start working in a project night. So if you're new here, we often, especially towards the end of the program where we're at, a lot of our nights become building nights. It makes no sense. If you're learning to code, please stop what you're learning and build something with it. It makes no sense to just learn and then never apply it. That's how you don't actually learn how to code. So what we do is we learned, we spent the past couple of weeks learning how to build full stack web applications with authentication that had multiple wonderful collections that had all this really rich functionality. And now folks are taking all that code and expertise that they learn and extending it into a project of their own design. So that's what we're doing. So tonight, I'm gonna stop talking very soon. We're gonna jump onto another platform that we use called Remo, where we can work together. We also use Discord, exclamation point, Discord and chat, if you wanna join

00:11:00
our Discord. 40 plus thousand people on Discord now. You can get all your questions answered about learning how to code. We have wonderful help channels. So yeah, definitely join us there Daddy hankies in the chat. Hey, how you doing? Daddy Yankee? Hey, daddy I can we get you to come back and do another tea spill? I think this cohort needs it as part of October The legend in chat, let's go Uh, woven exclamation point on ban, and we'll take a look at it. All right. So for those that don't know what our T spills

00:12:00
were, uh, last cohort, as we got into like our mega summer when we were kind of doing the hunt, um, those were, uh, those, those were kind of where we brought in folks that are already getting jobs and they told us everything about kind of how they got the job, how they secured it, uh, how, how. What the boots on the ground take was for them getting a job. Uh, and so that's what I loved about the tea spills. So many folks want to tell you about how to get a job, but that's something I can't, the perspective I can't get you, right? The perspective I can't give you is what it's like to be an entry-level dev getting a job right now. So I like to bring in folks that are doing it in the moment to tell you what their experience is like. And the most beautiful thing about the Celebrations channel right now is since I asked you all to do it, When folks get jobs, they're, they're, they're putting, they're,

00:13:00
they're putting like, they're putting like essays in that celebration channel about how they got the job, what they studied, who they talk to. There's dates on this stuff now, like y'all are doing the most. That's why I was like, this is getting ridiculous in the celebrations channel, right? Uh, Curtis, uh, just, just popped off in that celebrations channel today. Right. So I love to see it. I really appreciate everyone that does it. So when you get that job and you post the celebrations channel, the more details, the better, because we need to see how you're doing it. Right. We want to see boots on the ground experience, how you're locking down these jobs, what type of questions people are asking, right. So that you're not just taking it from me. The beautiful thing I get to do is I do this all day long. I talked to hundreds of folks getting jobs. I help hundreds of folks get jobs so I have a rough idea But nothing's better than you seeing it straight from the people that are doing it. And so that celebrations channel wild All

00:14:00
right, daddy Yankee's in for the tea spill. Let's do it I'm excited All right Now daddy Yankee just said in chat that they use bootstrap So what you'll notice right? What you'll notice is that? there was a Like in, in Daddy Yankee's kind of MVP and in my. Kind of binary blue boom code. It just looked decent. Like it looks decent right out the gate because it's bootstrap, right? The beautiful thing about Daddy Yankee's is that, that like feed page looked great bootstrap, right? And so bootstrap has been around for a while. It's a quick way to just add some simple styling to your site. And I think for a lot of folks if they just use bootstrap the the first MVP you make doesn't just look plain Hot garbage right bootstrap can make it look just a little bit Beautiful without really having to do too much all

00:15:00
the cool kids these days are using things like tailwind And so I just want to show real quick like how easy tailwind can be so Let's create a replit real quick. We'll do an HTML one And so Tailwind has a bunch of different components that you can use. And when we get to React next week, you'll see like how easy it is just to use the components inside of React. But even right now, you can just get the HTML code for each one. And so if you go to their website, they have a bunch of free ones, right? On actual Tailwind's actual website. And then there's also sites like Daisy UI, which are completely free. So I just want to show you how easy this is. So if we just go to like their docs, they give us like a script to put in the head of our documents. I'm going to copy that script. I'm going to put it in the head of my HTML, and then I can just literally go to this hero

00:16:00
and copy this hero, put it in my body here. And I'm just gonna save it, let it run. And let's open this in a new window. Boom. Like what? Like that was what, three seconds? And now I have like this beautiful nav, like a beautiful, beautiful like H1 that I can fill out buttons to get started. And there's like other stuff on this site too. So if I go back to their components, um, let's look at some, like their feature sections, anything that doesn't have a lock on it is completely free. So let's just yoink this one. Let's look at the code. Yep. Copy. And I go down here, right? Paste it. All right. Let's run it. Let's refresh. All right. Beautiful. So it's completely responsive,

00:17:00
it takes like three seconds, and your site doesn't look like hot garbage, right? It's a little weird running in the replit, but so the tailwind could just be really speed up your development, especially for an MVP, right? This is an MVP, your design won't be complete, your style won't be complete, you're trying to show the raw idea of what you're trying to do when you extend binary upload boom, right? And so to make it just not look ugly or not a hot mess, you could just yoink these components and have a really nice landing page, have a really nice kind of different pieces throughout your site. The unfortunate thing about all their components is that they're behind like a paywall. So you'll notice that some of them have like a lock, so you can't use all of them, but there are open source versions as well, that where everything is

00:18:00
completely open. So Daisy UI, we mentioned this, I believe in the office hours on Sunday, but there's just all these components that are completely free. So let's see how to use, let's grab the CDN. I'm going to put this at the top of my HTML file. And of course, like you would optimize this. This is just me going super fast and, you know, demonstration purpose. So put that in there. And then let's see what we can grab from the UI here. Cause these are all just open, like none of them behind a paywall or anything. That's completely free. Let's add a footer. All right, here's some footers. I like this footer right here. Let's grab the HTML. Boom Let's go to end of our document here

00:19:00
Boom and let's run it. All right, let's take a look over here Did I put the actual link in let's run it again I'm sorry. I'm a little, I still have a little bit of a cough. Use install EDN. I grabbed the right thing. Boom. I put it in the right spot. Let's see. So much. We just copy paste it. I might've put it in the wrong spot. Oh, let me just undo that. I put it inside the other script tag. My bad. Grab this.

00:20:00
There we go. And then let's add that footer to the end. Footer over here. HTML, yoink. Boom All right, there we go Run it Beautiful now we got a beautiful a beautiful footer. All right, I just that just looks good. Oh boy. Look at that second try Right. And so this was what? But really like a minute, two minutes, and you have a landing page for your MVP. So the beauty of things like Tailwind is that one, it can speed up kind of like your CSS, but there's also all these components that have already been written for you,

00:21:00
specifically with like open source things like Daisy UI. And so when you're building out an MVP, don't focus, please don't focus on how it looks. Focus on your functionality and then grab some components from tailwind. Boom. You're done. That's your MVP Then you'll take the rest of your hundred hours to refine it, right? you'll take the rest of your hundred hours to to make it look exactly the way you want it to look and It just like MVP should be quick. It should be dirty. It should be just the core functionality But when you use things like bootstrap or tailwind, especially with these components It can look good too, right? And so that's why we say like a beautiful MVP. Now, if you've been writing your custom CSS, that's great. I just know a lot of folks have been like sweating, like getting the MVP done and making it look not horrible by Tuesday. This is just a quick way that you can get it done. Yeah. Can you mix stuff? Technically

00:22:00
you could, I wouldn't, but technically you could. Yeah. cool another thing too is like somebody give me somebody give me like the the industry that your MVP is in like what is what is the MVP and like what industry in chat for me fitness all right I saw fitness first All right, so I also like to just look at other designs so you can go to dribble, but I also just like looking at templates. So fitness, all right, look for one that has like a lot of sales and good stars is a lot of sales. Good stars. Let's look at the live preview. So technically this is a template. Oh, this does not look good. Well, if you're doing like a gym site, like a gym, like a gym signup, like this could be

00:23:00
it. This is a $20 template. I'm not saying, I'm not showing this for you to buy the template. I'm showing it so that you can kind of look at the design. Right? So you can quickly see the design. Like, all right, it's a carousel up top And then you can go find a carousel and daisy UI, right? It's kind of like a what's next and like two different cards, right? So people get hung up on the design, right? And so it's just easy to come and take a look at some other templates and see like the way that they did the design so that you're not spending your cycles on design, right? You could quickly kind of code this out, but if you're not a designer, or you're not stressing about that part, right? You can look at other ones that are in that same idea. So that's kind of how I think about your MVP, right? You wanna get the core idea done, right? You

00:24:00
wanna get the core idea done, something that's gonna extend the binarical boom that covers something that you're interested in. And then for the actual design of it, you can look at something like theme forest, us find some good ideas, code it out, or just throw together some lovely Tailwind components and things like that. So the hard part is plugging it into the EJS. That's why I kind of like the Tailwind and Bootstrap approach, because nothing has to change with your EJS. Like it's all, all the classes are just in your HTML, right? So you're not actually loading anything extra. That's what makes it good for EJS, right? I'm using an HTML5 up template and using the elements page

00:25:00
for styling? Hell yeah, exactly. That's a good place to start. Yep, exactly. So with tailwind, the components, when you get to react, it's even easier. In my opinion, how late will you accept the MVP on Tuesday? Um, I'm going to, I'm going to give folks 24 hours from when class starts. So from when class starts on Tuesday, we jump into react. You got 24 hours to submit it. I really want to join 100 devs, when's the next cohort? We don't have any plans for next cohort yet. You could still join the catch up crew, right? So we have folks that join us every single day that want to learn how to code that want to get a job. And so you can join our catch up crew. Folks are starting from the beginning every single day. Our discord is a wonderful community of folks that will help you get unstuck. So please definitely don't feel like you have to wait for the next cohort to get started. And the thing for the next cohort is we

00:26:00
have a lot of stuff to figure out Nobody's done a live coding bootcamp at scale before there's a lot of things that we want to dial in get right Make sure that we can support folks the way that I want to support them And once we figure all that out, then we'll do another cohort We'll react to replace EJS it could be for a lot of your hundred hours project It's about 50 50 for some folks. They're already too deep in their hundred hours project They don't want to add react every about the other half. They get a lot of value out of the react They add it to their hundred hours project. It'll be up to you React starting Tuesday. Yep, and then we start October the week after Yeah, and we have on I haven't officially announced it yet, but But we're going to be doing like special events all throughout October. And so we're going to have R.C.'s fairy job mother, the person

00:27:00
that literally has their boots the most on the ground, helping folks get jobs. They're going to help us kick off HUNTTO where we're going to do a discord stage. If you want somebody that's literally talked to hundreds of employers, that has literally negotiated contracts for hundreds of people, that has literally like helped hundreds of people get jobs, that'll be two Mondays from now. So not this upcoming, the following Monday. Yeah. I will announce all this stuff ahead of time too, but just, we got a lot of fun stuff planned. Cool. Alrighty. Other questions about the MVP? I want to make sure that we, if folks have questions about it, I know it's a big big ass to get all this done. So I want to make sure that if there's people that have questions We can do it. Can we do raffles? Actually, we do have a raffle from the the

00:28:00
From the newsletter where I'm gonna actually help somebody do all this stuff Any idea when YouTube will be updated hopefully by Tuesday, that's my goal is to get it up by Tuesday Yeah Cool. GitHub repos are fine for the MVP. You don't have to have it hosted yet. Since we actually haven't, since Heroku is changing and we need to switch to a different provider, I'm just gonna ask for your GitHub repo. If you take the extra initiative to find a new provider that you like, that's cool. But I wanna have a class where I show you how to host it on the new provider that we're going forward with before I asked, is that a requirement? So GitHub repo is fine. If you host it, that's even better, but we'll have a class on like hosting our projects with the new service that we choose.

00:29:00
If you're having trouble with the pull request, jump on Discord, jump in a voice call. Folks are more than happy to help you, yeah. We have a lot of new folks today. I can see a lot of like the first time chats for folks that are new. This is 100 devs We're running a free 30-week software engineering bootcamp. We originally started during the pandemic. I'm not a doctor I'm not a nurse. I wanted to do something that could help folks What I do know how to do is hopefully I think teach people how to code and I have a lot of experience getting folks Jobs in tech and so instead of having folks pay 20 30 grand for a frickin bootcamp we decided to do it free, live, online. There's a lot of things that you have to do to like get access to stuff, but all the classes are free on YouTube. Like you can just go to our YouTube, ExpansionPoint YouTube here in chat, leonhold.com.youtube. Every single class is on there.

00:30:00
I don't even, the YouTube's not even monetized, so there's no ads or anything. All the materials are on Discord. So you don't need to, there's like nothing that stands in your way. If you just join discord and follow on YouTube, everything's there for free. Um, and I'll never put any of my content behind a paywall. Um, I, I really think this education should be free for everyone. And that's what we're doing. And we've helped hundreds of folks already get jobs and never listened to somebody on the internet that claims that they have gotten folks, hundreds of jobs, go into our celebrations channel and see the hundreds of people that have gotten jobs. Yeah. Where did the name 100 devs come from? I wanted to get 100 people jobs and I fucking did it. We fucking did it.

00:31:00
This community did it. And so that's where 100 devs comes from. We're way past a hundred now though. Yeah, cool. All right. Electric codes, hey, thank you for the gifted subs. Thank you for being here. We should change it to a thousand devs. I think I'm pretty partial to the hundred devs now. Cool, so that's what I wanted to show. I wanted to give some folks some some ease some comfort around the idea that the MVP is just an extension of binary upload Boom, make it do something different Make it look not trash by using something like bootstrap or tailwind. Don't be afraid to grab components don't be afraid to look at a design or something that's similar in your industry and just code out those pieces and Let's take the rest of the evening

00:32:00
to work together. Now, don't run away. Whenever I say this, people run away. They don't put in the work. Tonight's your night. You're here. Let's put in the work. You can either join us on Remo, which is for folks that are new around here. It's a platform where you can sit down at a table. It puts you in a voice chat with everyone at that table. It's a fantastic platform. It does have its quirks, but work together tonight. Just, even if you want to be just headphones in, screen up and you don't talk to anyone, that's fine. You don't have to do it alone. It's very important that we get these MVPs done. It's a key part of the hunt. It's something that you need if you want to get the job. And so let's put in that work tonight to get the MVPs done. Let's not do it alone. Let's do it together. Discord message today, I think about where you have started. Started, we're not gonna say from the bottom, now we're here, we'll pull in the Drake lyric,

00:33:00
but we were fussing with HTML. We were on the block worrying about blocks. We were worrying about tags. We were worrying about brownies. Then we were doing, we were tossed up in CSS and then JavaScript. Remember when JavaScript first started? And woe is me, we're still a little woe is me with JavaScript. I've been doing this for a long time. I'm still woe is me with JavaScript a little bit. Remember the first time we did a code wars? What? Remember the first time you saw no and I was throwing big words at you that we didn't understand so you treated it as disrespect. We were using HTTP modules, FS modules. We were learning about the event loop. We were bringing back in objects and then we added express to the mix, then we threw in MongoDB and then we threw in authentication and now we're building full stack web applications and a huge chunk of you right now are building your own full stack web

00:34:00
applications right now. Like just take a second, take a second and savor how far you have come right hey hey congrats on the client savor how far we have come how you have gone and got week after week struggle after struggle building after building and now we're almost at the end folks this is where the rubber meets the road it's time to get close to the hunt it's almost time to start the hunt and this is the culmination of all your hard work so MVPs are due don't take yourself out the game I'm giving you a whole nother week to get these MVPs in these beautiful MVPs I should say I'm gonna leave the Remo

00:35:00
rooms open for this whole week get on discord, ask for help, get on discord, help others that are trying to pull themselves across this finish line of the MVPs, right? Jump into the Remo room, say hey, I'm gonna be on Remo at this table, I'm gonna leave it open all week, right? This is the moment where we actually live up to being community taught. Throw on discord, hey, I'm gonna be on Remo table five, first floor for the next hour. And if nobody shows up, nobody shows up. Who cares? Right. But you tried, try and bring as many people across that finish line as you can. Cool. And in that spirit, right. And in that spirit, we're extending the deadline so we can bring as many folks as we can in to hunt Tober. So we can have that dedicated group of folks that are ready to start the hunt. They're ready to get the job. And then once we figure it out and we get it working

00:36:00
We'll have be there for the catch-up crew when they get to that point as well. Got some more jobs folks We got some more jobs. I want to take a second to read through these I want to talk very briefly about hunt over and then we're gonna pop off so you can finish your MVPs All right Katie codes just signed an offer my first I was getting sick towards the end of the first cohort sicker and sicker I was in the hospital all of October half of November did chemo Recovered finally started to feel better in July and August and I signed an offer What Let's fucking go Let's fucking go Don't ever take yourself out the game. Don't ever take yourself out the game. I love it It's low-pressure, a non-profit they believe in, four blocks from their house. So while they recover, it's perfect.

00:37:00
A. Congrats, that's huge. Don't take yourself out the game, y'all. Come on now. I think I shared this a little bit before, but it's official. I finally got the job. I'm so excited and grateful for this community. Hashtag community taught, and everything I've learned from it. I want to share a bit about my journey here. Thank you for sharing the details. First off, when Leon mentions people getting jobs by coding a button, I didn't want to believe it. This is another button story I'm out. First off, when Leon mentioned people who got jobs by cutting, but I don't believe it, but it's true. Fuck.

00:38:00
100 buttons. Next bootcamp next cohorts just buttons But it's true. I landed a six-figure fully remote front-end developer position For a role at a specific company by coding basic HTML CSS and JavaScript. That's it That's it So just know that those jobs are definitely out there wasn't an easy road can't stress enough having an online presence and building in public helps. As y'all are building your MVPs, share, right? Share your MVP on Twitter, share the things that you're building

00:39:00
through the community. Use the 100 devs tag, right? Let other folks see it. Get your LinkedIn filled out, build in public, show everyone what you're doing even if nobody is engaging with your post. If somebody shares their MVP on Twitter And they use the hundred devs hashtag just give them a follow. I mean, I'm not a follow I give them like a like right just give them a like help boost it Right help other folks see it that aren't in their network that aren't in your network That's how I managed to get four interviews well out ever applying to a single job For interviews without ever applying to a single job They all found me through LinkedIn. I went from still grinding this past Tuesday to getting the offer during class on Thursday While he was shouting out the celebrations channel shout out the celebrations channel It different ghost. Hey, what's up?

00:40:00
So shout out the celebrations channel. I have 12 on the slides There's way more in the celebrations channel. Like I literally I I literally couldn't put them all in here and there's like ones I did like I think they're just better read in the celebrations channel Blah, hey Hope you're doing well Law in the house All right, so basic HTML CSS in JavaScript six figures And they didn't click apply. They didn't apply to a single job. It was just their LinkedIn. Make sure your LinkedIn is crispy. It was a requirement for Hunt Tober. Make sure your LinkedIn's crispy, folks. You're seeing it. Well, hope you're doing well. All right. I used to scroll through this channel and dream of the day it'd be my turn to

00:41:00
post. Today is that day. Back in February, I'm networking with the lead dev at my company. This is huge. If you already have a job, one of the best things you can do is just network with the other engineers at your company, right? So many folks get that first shot in tech, that first shot at something that might not be engineering or even tangential, just because they're talking to other folks at their company. WQ in the future, one month ago, began the helper QA role part-time. Last week an internal QA and now this position was posted. I applied and I got word today. The role is mine. Let's go Congrats We're not gotten this far without the hundred devs community all the amazing engineers become friend with community taught networking works I got like someone decided to give me a chance to break into tech onwards next stop software engineer. Let's Go

00:42:00
Let's go Let's go. I love this example Because you'd be surprised just networking with the individuals at the job. You're already at a part-time job. You're already at can lead to some amazing things. Curtis a looks like we're popping off this week. It's finally my turn to join the celebrations Channel. I love they shout out table eight from the very first Remo session their twitch streams the 30 plus study group for all the support along in the way, shout out to study groups. We have to provide the accountability, structure and motivation. The rest of the community has helped me get past roadblocks. I love that, right? Community helping you get past roadblocks and provide a lot of encouragement along the way. They signed an offer letter for AWS, man, come on now. Come on now. How many folks do we have at Amazon now? This is ridiculous.

00:43:00
We just got like a small club at Amazon now. Is what like at least four or five this cohort like what? Let's get out of here. Y'all need to link up. I hope y'all are linking up. I'll try and facilitate that somehow Beyond the team that does video transcoding Make sure you're all doing your Anki cards networking and go-getting now. I will also say that Curtis specifically in the celebrations channel has a huge thread that gives way more detail and they asked that we not post it so of course it's not here but if you go into the celebrations channel a lot of the folks that I am sharing right now have shared more in the threads and so if you're not looking through those threads you're missing out on a lot of value that's being posted there that's gonna help you in your job hunt and so make sure you're going through the Celebrations channel make sure you're looking at these threads because

00:44:00
folks are really taking the heart. Hey when you get the job, please Please yes make the celebrations post but then tell us the details Tell us what it was like interviewing. Tell us what it was like to To go through that experience because that is the most valuable thing We have right now is like real boots on the ground understanding of what the market is like what people are looking for and you can't get that anywhere else and so when you when you post share more so that we can learn and incorporate that into our hunt Oh I love that folks are still getting their paid clients I finally got silver I got a paid freelancing client over over a K Over a thousand what that's wild to me that that what was I don't even remember the final number It was over half a million. It was over half

00:45:00
a million in client work Can we just stop and think about that for a second? It's probably way higher now that other folks are getting their clients done But our community brought in over a half a million dollars in client work half a million That's the start of equity, right? Like that's the start, right? Like we, we built something really special, but the idea that it's free is not enough. The idea that folks have also made half a million dollars while going through program, that's when it starts to be real. That's when it starts to be what I'm envisioning, right? Like it's one thing for be free, but it's one thing to also make some cheddar along the way. And so congrats on getting the paid client, that's huge. I love they shot out the pump the Pomodoro crew VCG fam a All right, I like this too this this is just showing you what what can happen I have a weird one I got a major promotion because of a hundred

00:46:00
devs. I love it I Caught the attention of the powers that be a long story short I'm now the lead instructional developer and working on complete redesigning our training process They liked that I because I was so excited about the way I relearned how to learn and I was using the things I learned in 100 devs to help teach our new hires in a way that helped them better retain. I was making some simple tools to help current teams, so they took the learning how to learn knowledge and they used it on the job. This is please. This is what we're going to talk about post-hunt, but one of the best things you can do, the easiest dub you can ever have when you join your company, right? The first three months on the job matter the most when you join a new company, and one of the easiest dubs you can have is to document the entire process of joining that company. No one at the company can have that experience of what it's like to be an

00:47:00
engineer day one at that company. And if you can build better tools, better documentation, here's where I got this resource. Here's how I how I connected to this database. Here's how I did this. And you have the roadmap of what it's like to be day one on the job at that company. right? Every person that comes after you will think you're the goat. Right? Every single person that comes after you is gonna read that documentation. They're going to see that you're the person that helped them when they were stuck. Right? And they're gonna see you as that person day one. And so please make sure that you're bringing this learning how to learn, this ability to help others into your job. Like the whole nature of us being community taught like a nice thing, but it's a real thing that's going to help you on the job as well. Cool.

00:48:00
Uh, uh, hello everyone. Last week I had an interview at an analyst role. I got the job. Let's go. Uh, the recruiter contacted me a few weeks ago about the role on LinkedIn. I applied, prepared some projects related to the role, uh, use Banky to tweak answers. And unlike my past interviews, I was really confident I was gonna get this job today. They got back to me They were really impressed about how much preparation I had done for the interview You go through hunt over you will be a lean mean interviewing machine You will be well prepped for your interviews. If you're doing your code wars, you're doing your banky You're gonna be ready for these interviews I Expect them to negotiate a lower salary starting salary with me instead. They increased it So now I'm gonna start with double the starting salary in my country a Thankful to the mods and everyone in this community for help Special thanks to leveler provide so many useful tips willing to help me out on a last note. Make sure you do your

00:49:00
Anki Make sure you do your Anki and your daily coding challenges Are you noticing a theme here? You, you, you, you, you noticing a theme here, folks? I'm starting to notice a theme here. I don't know if anybody else is starting to notice a theme here. Hmm. Starting to notice a theme here. Odin said, hmm, maybe I should do Anki. Maybe you should do, maybe you should do Anki. Maybe you should do a little bit more Anki. Everyone could do a little bit more Anki. I can do a little bit more Anki. You can do a little bit more Anki. I think we all do a little bit more Anki. You know, we're fancy. We're going to say Anki today. All right, small celebration. That ain't small. Nah, got my first freelancing client. That's huge in a relatively small town, which is always super hard.

00:50:00
Took a while, but it paid off. Just introduce yourself with what you do. Bob Vance Vance refrigeration. Let's go. Let's make a bank channel, we do have a banky voice channel now. We do have a banky voice, thank you to Blah for setting that up. You can jump in there and go through banky with the rest of the crew. Signed my first junior software developer offer. No real big post of mine or anything, but truly grateful for this whole community. I love it. Top five rappers of all time. Dialing, dialing, dialing, dialing, dialing. Hey yo, congrats. Finally got my paid client signature, love it. Don't take yourself out the game, folks. Working with clients is a tricky business. It can take a long time. Congrats, Corky. All right. I got the job. Super excited to share that I signed an offer

00:51:00
letter for a six figure fully remote role as a front end software engineer and I didn't have to click apply or even network my way in. Let's go. They came to me. The recruiter for the role reached out to me on LinkedIn. What is going on? What is going on? Oh god, no god, please. No, no, no Leon, there are layoffs right now. Are you aware that there are layoffs right now? Leon, there are layoffs. Leon, tech stock's

00:52:00
down. Tech stock's down, Leon. I don't know about these jobs things. Get the fuck out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. We had two people that didn't even, they didn't even apply. They didn't even apply. Don't ever listen to somebody on the internet like don't listen to me just go to the freaking celebrations channel like what they're not even clicking apply they're not even networking and they're literally coming to them. Anything's possible. Anything's possible. Just do it. So just

00:53:00
it's just that's blowing my mind. All right, biggest takeaways. Trust Leon. I jumped ahead and learn react super early did a million leak code problems, but none of it was needed. I'm getting this tattooed. This is going on my thigh. I jumped ahead and learned to react super early, did a million LeetCode problems, and none of it was needed. Oh my gosh, that's going on my wall. I did these things because I'm a code weenie and I had too much free time and they absolutely not needed to get a job. LinkedIn is everything, yup. Even completed my interview. Our recruiters asked me on the interviews every day, Leon gives good LinkedIn advice. I really like Danny Thompson. I love it that Danny Thompson's the goat when it comes to LinkedIn Definitely. I'll share their videos in the follow-up on the follow-up materials channel today Because we're seeing LinkedIn's coming a big big big deal here

00:54:00
network network network and Huge thanks to Leon in the mods. Ayo shout out the mods cool And they got some wonderful things here I'm gonna actually read this. I think this is important for folks here I graduated college a year ago with 60k in debt and no idea what I want to do with my life If it wasn't for Leon and all of you, yes you. If you're here right now, they're talking about you. Don't take yourself out the game. All of you, I generally had no idea where I would be or what I'd be doing right now, but I'm here with my dream job and making this post. Now, if you're anything like me, you might be reading this feeling a little frustrated that it's not you writing this. You might feel like everyone around you is getting all these wins. You might want to give up, but don't. Seriously, like I said, a few weeks ago, I had the exact same feeling, and now I'm here. Keep grinding, keep doing your Anki and networking. And I promise you'll be making one of these before long. Let's go. Let's go. Thank you for the encouragement, Michael. That's huge. We don't get got.

00:55:00
We go get. I'm happy to announce that I accepted a front end developer position. My high school dropout with an eight year plus gap in employment history. Yes. Oh, my gosh. This is like the biggest this is the biggest reason and so many folks take themselves out the gander. Luckily, I know the gap in my employment history. I'm never going to get a job. Cap. In my country, the idea of a community-type developer is still far from the norm. I followed the process, did not send out a single application, but instead networked my way in and got referred by a recruiter. If I can do it, you can do it. I wish you all a successful hunt-tober. Boom. Boom. Special shoutouts go to the React Banky Study Group Europe, I love all the little study groups. Everyone in the Introvertz channel, and most of all, thank you to Divker for everything they do. You truly went above and beyond. Hell yeah. Divker is the secret weapon to

00:56:00
100 devs. They make sure this all works. If it wasn't for Divker, none of this would be happening right now. So, uh, I love that. You should not differ. Uh, fun fact, I've written 1800 Yankee cards and refute them. 19,000 times. Let's go 19,000 times. Let's go. Hell yeah. No doubt why you got a front end dev position. Let's go. all right with that we're gonna end it we're gonna stop here folks are getting jobs it's wild in these streets you're so close don't take yourself out the game I'm giving you an extra week week to get all your hunt Tober submissions in all right you have an extra week to get all your hunt Tober submissions in right now

00:57:00
we're gonna move to Remo please don't just go and work by yourself, jump in a discord voice call. Even if you don't say anything, you just see other people talking. You're just hanging out, absorbing the, the not being aloneness, right? Jump in a discord voice call, jump on Remo, work through these MVPs together. If you already turned in your MVP, thank you. You are an MVP now bring somebody else along with you. We are community taught. This is not a solo dolo experience. You're here to help everyone get across the finish line together, please. Let's stop. Take a quick break if you need it, or you know, not if you need it, you should take a quick break, jump in a discord voice call or jump into a Remo finish up these beautiful MVPs. If you need help, ask for it on discord, we're going to come back on Thursday. We're covering the beginnings of React. We're gonna be back on

00:58:00
Sunday to finish up our backend super review. We finish up React next week. We move into the hunt. We're talking data structures, algorithms. We're talking big O notation. We're talking about everything you're gonna be needing to get the job just like all the folks I showed in the slides today. If you're here you're doing what others wouldn't do If you're here You deserve to see yourself go to that finish line if you're here you've put in work that Nobody else wanted to do. A whole lot of other folks said they wanted it but it was all lies. You're still here. You're still putting in the work. I'm immensely proud of all the things that you've done so far from simple HTML to full stack web applications. Don't

00:59:00
sleep on all the hard work, all the hours, all the tears, all the bugs you ran into. It made you into the phenomenal software engineer that You are we got a few more things to finish up a few more things to polish then we're jumping into the hunt so We're gonna stop here Remember, we're community taught. You can't be kind get the fuck out Jumping these discord voice calls jump on ream. I'm gonna extend Remo So that's open all week if you want to jump on with a small group of folks and work through MVPs together do it All right, buddy, have a wonderful rest of your evening, full class on Thursday, so come ready. All right, full class on Thursday, come ready, and good luck finishing up your work for Hunt Over. It was wonderful to see you all, have a wonderful rest of your day, peace everyone.
