00:00:00
Good morning. good afternoon, good evening, no matter where you're coming from. Let's go. Let's go. I hope you are doing well. We don't get got. We don't get got. Indeed. We go get. Let's go. Last class. I'm so excited that you all are here. We got some, some, some things to reminisce,

00:01:00
some things to celebrate, some thank yous to be had, but let's just, let's Let's just take it in for a moment, as a community, let's take in chat, let's take in the Twitch-ness. I hope you all are doing well. First try! MelodyDev, hey, thank you for the gifted subs and congrats! Huge! Huge! Thank you all so much for being here. Don't cry, don't cry. It's so good to see you all. It's so good to get to spend another morning, afternoon or evening with you. And we got some fun stuff to get into. Some things we're going to talk about, some things that we're going to celebrate. It ain't the end though. It ain't the end. This community is

00:02:00
just getting started. it. Uh, and so tonight we celebrate that just a little bit civic. You got an 80 K offer today. Let's go. There were some folks that sneaked in today. I, I saw even in the celebrations channel, uh, I was counting up the jobs. I was counting up the jobs And I do you, uh, uh, what, B-5, D-8, D-C, A, thank you for getting the subs. I was counting up the jobs and, um, I don't keep track of them during the cohort. Indifferent A, thank you for being here. I don't keep track of them during the cohort. I think that's too much for me to focus on each one coming in.

00:03:00
So I like that focus to shift. Like once graduation, once today's done, I shift my focus. It comes all about focus, getting the job. I try to lean into the standups. I try to lean into that focus. So I don't pay attention to it during the cohort. I think that's the wrong focus because truly if you got in a job already, that's great, but you're ahead of the curve You should be like applying now not applying but like networking your way in now Micah a thank you for gets the subs and so I was going through it And I really thought it'd be like 50 And I was like, all right, we'll get, we have like 50 in the bang. It's kind of where it was the previous cohort. Maybe, maybe, maybe 75. I see them come through and I just texted my wife. I was like, what the fuck is going on? Like

00:04:00
it's just, it's not stopping. I'm screenshotting. I'm screenshotting. I'm screenshotting. Like it's, it's literally not stopping. Uh, it was way more than I ever imagined at this stage of program. Cause we're just getting started. Yes, tonight is the last class, but this community is just getting started with the hunt. And so it blew my mind. We're going to talk about that in a bit, though. It's all about that, get in here. We always like to start off, as you know, with the questions and stuff like that. We're going to get to there in a second. As you know, I always put lyrics on every slide. The slides that the slides aren't the aren't the ones on the night bot, uh, because I don't want people to be able to like peek ahead. But, um, I always put lyrics on every single slide deck I've ever made, I put the lyrics on there. And, uh, this lyric means a lot to me and I think it means a lot for our community. And so this is 21 savages reply to folks calling

00:05:00
them out from being from the UK. And I, and I love this. Uh, he said, I'll risk it all for my name. I was coming hard before I came. I ain't know nothing about no visa. I was in the park with the gang mom's been feeling bad. I try to tell her she's not to blame no Social Security Couldn't get a license, but I still Didn't complain. I went and got it. We are not the same We're not the same folks Everyone that's here right now is not the same We came we got it Cause we go get, and I don't know how to say it any better than that, but we came and we got, we didn't get got, we came and we got, we are not the same. Each person that showed up, that's given up their nights, their weekends, their, their, their free time

00:06:00
to, uh, to, to pursue a dream, to pursue a better life from themselves, to pursue a better life for their family, to pursue a better life. And actually went about it because so many folks reach out, Leon, how can I code, how can I learn how to do this? How can I do this? So many folks think they want it. They'll even say they want it, but they're not ready to carry the boats and the logs and each person That continue to show up class after class week after week month after month putting in the work You're not the same You're built different You have something in you that other folks don't have You're a fucking software engineer but more than that you got heart it

00:07:00
takes a lot to continue to show up so I don't care where you're at in the process I don't care how deep in the hunt you are I don't care if you're on class one or class 69 you're not the same you decided there is something that you want it and you put in the work to get it done. Unlike thousands and thousands of other people that say they want it, but they kind of want it and they're not willing to put in the work. So I want you to carry that with you through tonight, through the rest of our time together, as we kind of wrap up the things we need to wrap up with this cohort. But for forever, there's people that say they're about it. And then there are people that are about it. You're about it. and No matter what comes your way No matter how hard the hunt is. I want you

00:08:00
to know that I believe in you This community believes in you and you'll get where you want to go Manage your frustration Be consistent and take care of yourself You're not the same, cool. All right, so tonight I got a lot of thank yous I need to throw out there. A lot of things I want to say. We're gonna talk about what's next and then we're gonna hang out. We're gonna do some stuff together this evening. So as always, I like to give folks a few seconds to get in here. You got questions, I got some answers. Will there be pizza? So many people have said they were getting dominoes. Like people were at standup were saying they got their dominoes already. If you're eating your dominoes, cheers to you.

00:09:00
Today's my birthday. Hold on, what? Today's my birthday, our graduation. I got a call from Kudu today telling me they are giving me an offer. Over 6 figures, 95% remote, Fortune 500, ayy. TJ Ken, congratulations, that's huge. We have like three or four people already say they're getting jobs in the chat, like what? I have no idea if this still works. This might be a hot mess. All right, it still works, look at me go. Happy birthday and congratulations on the new job. That's wild. We got to, we got to update these numbers, we got to update these numbers, folks. Uh, will we get a questionnaire for the stats at some point? Yeah. Uh, well, all in all, I'll be working

00:10:00
on a couple of different surveys that we'll be sending out post program. Uh, one will be just like feedback, like, Hey, what things do you want to see change? what things went well, what didn't go well, like really trying to figure out how we can improve things and then the other one would just be like, Hey, tell me all the good stuff that happened. Um, tell me about your clients. Tell me about your jobs. Tell me about your open source projects. Like a lot of the stuff that just happened throughout the cohort. We'd like to keep track of it. Um, just so that we can share it with the community and, and, and do something cool with it. And hopefully inspire folks that are still in the catch up crew, uh, to inspire folks That might want to do a possible next cohort. Um, so yeah Jasper with the stretch. Hey, thank you Not going to do more. You know what you need to do if you want to see the the real stretching Oh and a hydrate thank you for the hydrate cheers to you Let's go

00:11:00
Cool Sending channel points like they're going out of style. When will merch be available? Well, I got a wield and dealed. A hundred of y'all could get free merch because we're all about the free stuff. We're going to talk about that in a bit. We'll have merch later on, but there is going to be a way for you to get free merch. We're going to talk about towards the end of tonight. Uh, we have a sponsor that's going to sponsor merch, which is wild. I'm really excited about it. So we'll talk about that at the end. Uh, once we have our, we're going to have some fun tonight, but we're going to have like another, like virtual conference party, whatever we want to call it. Uh, and we'll, we'll have the merch available then as well. As always, I don't make any money off the merch.

00:12:00
We, we sell it at cost as cheap as we can make it. Nope, no. Cool. Release the office hours videos? Nope, no, unfortunately not. There are some perks of going through the program live and that's one of them. Are we doing a cohort three? It's not actually, that's not on me, that's on y'all. We're going to talk about that and in the end. Back in review, we'll make it onto to YouTube. We're still behind on YouTube. Now that we're done with class and I have more time, we'll be able to upload everything. Cool. All right, everybody, thank you for the questions. Let's get into it.

00:13:00
Hey, this community, you said this, you and this community motivate me every day. I feel the exact same way. All right, folks, important stuff. This Friday, T spill, uh, we'll be at six o'clock in our classroom in our classroom know, on discord old slide, uh, six o'clock on discord tea spill. Uh, if you haven't been coming to these tea spills, you're missing out, uh, really just phenomenal information. Uh, phenomenal, just like gems being dropped, like real boots on the ground experience of what it's like to really get a job. So definitely check out these tea spills. Uh, there's just stuff that I can't, that we can't say outside of them. And so to really ask real questions about what it's really

00:14:00
like to get a job, the real nitty gritty, the things that work, that didn't work, uh, that's Friday. And we're going to keep them going. T-spills are going to keep going, um, into the holidays. And we have a lot of folks that got jobs, so I think we can kind of keep this going, uh, for, for a while. Cause I really think it's important. And I think it's where we share a lot of the important bits on how to get a job. And when it's like the real experience is really like, we're still keeping up our Sunday office hours. So, uh, not this Sunday. I'm taking, I'm taking the weekend off folks. Not this, uh, what we're saying connection Network error two, that's not on my end. It seems like it's on, they're running ads or something. That's weird. Let's see.

00:15:00
No, I'm live. Yeah, I think they tried to run ads for some reason. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't see any spikes in mine. So yeah, it must have been them trying to run ads or something. Cool. Twitch was taking a break too. Exactly. So Sunday, I'm taking this Sunday off, But we'll be back next week. We're also doing daily stand up. So every single day we have stand up. And. Hmm. Yeah, I think that's on Twitch's side. Wasn't wasn't bothered on mobile. Yeah. What

00:16:00
is other people getting jobs today? What? Why share on discord, please? If you got a job today, please put it in the celebrations channel Leon hundred days. Thank you got a job today. I Would show that I quit I could about eight weeks ago any back into class like that's wild That's wild six figures a congratulations Switch doesn't want you to, uh, to, to, to graduate. Mara redeemed a spicy rant. Mara, what's your spicy rant? Uh, pedagogy, the oppressed positive version, how you use it to improve people's live. Interesting. Okay.

00:17:00
So, so a positive spicy rant, I'll figure out, let me see. How can I make it spicy, but positive? All right. Education is fucked. Let's start there. So if you didn't see it, they redeemed a spicy rant. Uh, the way that I teach was heavily impacted by a book called pedagogy, the oppressed. The core tenant is this idea that the oppressed are just as equally able to lead their education as the oppressors. And it fundamentally changed how a lot of folks teach. And for me, it has probably been the biggest impact on my pedagogy. So no testing, no quizzes, uh, nothing where I am the arbiter of your success, of your success,

00:18:00
right? Uh, even things like me giving you solutions to problems is a problem because why am I here to say that your stuff is better than my stuff or my stuff is the correct way of doing something? And so you'll notice that a lot of stuff has always been binary. Does it look like the salon website? Does it look like the brownies recipe? Does it you decide whether or not you have achieved the goals and the objectives? Yes, I am here to shine a light, but I am not here to dictate what success looks like for you. Also, why I don't have a curriculum because having a curriculum is oppressive. It means that I am the one in control of what we do and how we do it, and that's just fucked up. I rather see how folks are going, and if we need to take three weeks

00:19:00
to cover a topic, we take three weeks to cover a topic. If I planned out two weeks to cover something and it takes us a class, well then it's my job to figure out how the next class should be the thing that we should be moving on to. And so, this idea that there are a lot of things in our educational model that are pretty just damn bad. There's also this idea of banking models of education. There's a lot of things that just come up that we've just been ingrained into how education should be. and the thing I love most about 100 devs is we're proving that we can throw it all out and have amazing results. Right? You don't need to pay tens of thousands of dollars. You don't need to have an in-classroom experience. You can do it online from the of your own

00:20:00
home or library or wherever you watch these classes you don't need you don't need a lot of stuff that the traditional system says that we need and that's been the grand experiment with a hundred devs because I didn't know if it would work and as you're hearing in the tea spills there's some ogs and then there are some triple OGs and, um, we, we did it in increments, right? We, we had this first like five week course where I was like, can I teach online? And then we did a, a, a smaller like cohort and we got jobs and then we did a bigger cohort and we got jobs and we have a lot of stuff to build the current way. A hundred devs work still lets folks fall through the cracks. There are still things that we need to improve and fix to make sure that

00:21:00
everyone has a fair shot at getting a job that could fundamentally change their lives. And we're going to talk about that. I have some ideas about ways I think we can do it. I have some ideas about what I think the next version of 100 devs should look like, but I want to work with y'all. Like there is no next cohort without the community coming together to build what that next cohort looks like. And that's what I'm most excited about. Once we've gotten past graduation and once folks have gotten jobs and they have the energy and time to pull folks along with them, what could that really look like at scale? and I think we have an opportunity to do something really really special we don't there are so many folks that reach out that are built different just

00:22:00
like we are that just need a fair shot at working hard a fair shot at an educational opportunity that doesn't cost money that they'll never, their family will never see in their lifetimes, a fair shot at realizing that not everyone has the privilege of sitting through this much educational opportunity without making money. And so I think we're gonna talk about that at the end of today. I think there's a lot of things that we are in a unique position to change fundamentally about education how people learn how people support themselves while they're learning and can ultimately change their lives and so that's that's the goal and We're living it we're absolutely fucking living it the the number the amount and This rant will come to an end

00:23:00
And the amount of hate you have to endure to do good on the internet right now is absurd. The number of comments that I get, the emails, the messages, the replies about how what we're doing is wrong or, or, or they just don't like the way that we teach or they don't like the things that I say, like the haters. They can all go fuck themselves. We got hundreds of jobs. We got hundreds of jobs, hundreds. Go fuck yourself. Stay mad, big mad, we're gonna keep getting jobs. And

00:24:00
once we get jobs, we're bringing three more folks along with us, so you can keep shining your golden gate, not realizing that we walked around it a year ago. Keep polishing it, that's all you're worth. So, yeah, thank you for the rant. You got to spend those channel points, folks. Read Pedagogy of the Oppressed. It's a dense book. It's not an easy book. Maybe read the Cliff Notes. I think there's a lot of stuff that once you actually think about it, you go, wait a minute. The whole education system is just fucked up. All right, let's go back to what we signed up to do. Hey, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, you send the channel points, I gotta do it.

00:25:00
Vega, thank you for the hydration, cheers to you. PashaChuk, thank you. Stretch. All right. Thank you. Alrighty, once again, we're doing daily stand up. We have 500 plus people in the standups every single day. We go through a technical coding question. We've been building up. Yesterday we saw sets and how we can start using sets to solve problems. Today we just answered questions because I wanted to make sure we had a lot of time for questions because tomorrow we have tea spill, but Monday through Thursday, we have standup Friday. We typically have tea spills. If we don't have a tea spill, we have standup, but come through. Uh, the thing that makes me super, super excited

00:26:00
is that I know there are 500 plus people still working every single day towards getting a job because they keep showing up to stand up. And I'm sure there's double that that can't make it that time. But it's it's a really it's really motivational, and I'm gonna keep doing them if people keep showing up so definitely show up We do about 20 minutes of reviewing a data structures and algorithms type Problem and about 10 minutes of answering questions from things folks are running into right now Mm-hmm Cool Some some some wins we should talk about throughout the cohort 245 plus hours streamed live on Twitch, this cohort. 245 on Twitch. Then we also have Discord, which I couldn't find any analytics on how to do it on Discord, but 245 hours streamed

00:27:00
of class and office hours. And then we're probably like another 40 plus hours on discord because we switched to doing our power hours and our, and our, and our tea spills and all that stuff on discord. So we're probably like 300 hours just live together. And that's just me. That's not stream team. You include stream team worth thousand hours of content easily, uh, for folks that are going through this cohort. So I think it's just amazing to sit back and think. If you came to every class, that's 245 hours. You've you've invested in your education and your future and your career. And nobody could take that from you. You're built different. Let's go. Our community, this cohort, this isn't like in total because we still had stuff

00:28:00
from last cohort, this cohort, 300 plus of y'all helped and volunteered with a grassroots organization or non-profit. 300 plus people took their coding ability and helped a grassroots org or non-profit. it 300 people took their skills and bettered the world with those skills 350 plus of y'all contributed to open source or free software projects 350 plus of y'all and these are just the people that tell me this stuff

00:29:00
because I know there are some of that are on this this this stream right now that have done this grassroots stuff that have done this open source stuff and just didn't fill out the form or post in the celebrations channel i see you fill it out when the survey comes out next week fill it out so i know 245 hours i just want you to fill out a form please just fill out a form please please just Just so we know, 300 plus of y'all, grassroots orgs, 350 plus of y'all, open source contributors. Y'all are open source contributors. You know how I know that y'all are open source contributors? Because people be emailing me, Leon, we have a lot of folks from a hundred devs using our service or contributing code. Let's talk because when something, when something good

00:30:00
gets found out, y'all just, and so I know y'all outside, y'all outside, y'all online. I see y'all half a million plus in client work. Half a million plus. And I like, I was trying to pull these numbers together. it's way more than half a million. I was still counting at like 600, but 500 just half a million just sounds better. But I know it's over 600 at least. And I know a lot of y'all just don't tell me. And that's the beauty, right? The beauty, if you live up, you don't owe me shit. If you don't wanna fill out the form, don't fill out the fucking form, I don't care. That's the beauty of 100 devs. You could go, you could never say anything. You can never do anything. You could still get the value out of it.

00:31:00
You could still get all the benefits in the world. And I appreciate you all the same. I appreciate you all the same, but there's the folks that do let me know. And so I know it's, it's above this, right? And as I was going through, So, as I was going through and I was pulling together the job, just the job posts. The wild thing is I was just like trying to screenshot all the jobs. Is that like for every job, there were like three people saying they got a client and The the amount of money that they were making while they were going through a program. I Can't that's that's the whole point That's all I want to build Education should not just be free. It should be paid

00:32:00
Not everyone has the privilege of free time to educate themselves and not make money And so to see that we brought in over a half a million dollars while you were learning, that's, that's, that's the point. That's it. That's all I care about. That's the future. Time is a luxury that not everyone has. And if we can figure out how to make this work, that unlocks it for everyone. And so this is the number that I that the next number is great but this is the number that I'm proud of the fact that we were able to take the skills that you work so hard on and Get value and give value to clients and those clients gave you real money That's huge

00:33:00
And then counting so far the jobs from just this cohort just this cohort were over 200. Like this is what I was doing. I was like, all right, here are the ones I pinned from last cohort, like over 100 jobs, last cohort, easy. I pinned 50 of them in the channel. Can only pin 50 in the channels. Like, all right, let me get the screenshots of all the rest. And I was thinking I'd be here with like 50 and you'll see the timestamps. It was just three, four hours. I was just screenshot and jobs. You ready? So this, I know this is funny. This is in the celebrations channel. My reaction. When I go through those pin stories, people make them $14 an hour and getting written offers for 150,000. I wonder how life changing it is for them. I love them. And then this person got a job. Boom.

00:34:00
Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Hold on, hold on. Nah. Where's that? Where's that hype? it has a bottom bout, mm-hmm, boom, boom, boom,

00:35:00
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, 200k what? I need to make one of those tiktoks where it's like from the drake lyric don't tell me you ain't an educator if you ain't got 200 jobs like don't don't say you're a model unless you've been in vogue I just need to do this and then it just needs to like stream through This is the person that posted the original meme I I got a stretch.

00:36:00
This is tiring doing the t-spill tomorrow folks

00:37:00
if My fingers hurting too much winning in.

00:38:00
let's fucking go let's fucking go 10 second warning 10 second warning 5 second warning

00:39:00
300 plus jobs, last cohort, this cohort, 300 plus, 300 plus, what, what, what, what, what, Yes, it fucking works! It does! It does fucking work! Yeah! Yes!

00:40:00
Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh my. Thank you for the hydration Ayo. and we're just fucking getting started folks we're just getting started most of y'all haven't even started the hunt yet. We're at 200 from this cohort alone. And we're, we're not even, we're, we're not even like in the hunt for most of y'all like, what let's go now for the triple, triple OGs.

00:41:00
I've mentioned this once before, um, but we were almost not named a hundred devs. I almost went with the 300 there's some like stuff around like history that I didn't want to like name us the 300 because of, but that was my goal. I'm not a person that likes to like put my big goals out there. Like, I understand that the psychology behind doing it, I like to just, I like to set the goals internally. And when I hit them, I let you all know. And so my big goal where I was like, I sat down and I was like, if, if I did this and we really knocked it out the park, what would that look like? And I was like, 50 jobs, I've done that. 100 jobs, I've done that with RC. Like, if I'm gonna do this online, we're gonna open it up to as

00:42:00
many folks. I was like, 200? And I was like, yeah, 200 sounds about right. And I was like, nah, 300. So 300 was like my pie in the sky. Like, if I put in two years worth of work, like that's when I would be happy about it. And we hit it. that's not where we're stopping. Cause we're just getting started folks. The fact that 500 of y'all are still showing up to stand up every day. I know that everybody can make that time. So there's like a thousand plus of us that are still gearing up and readying for the hunt. There's no reason why we have to be a hundred devs or the 300, it should be above a thousand, right? And so if you are here right now, Now, I am going to ask you for one thing. I don't ever like to ask y'all for anything. In fact, you can disregard what I'm about to say. This should be completely free, free of money, free of expectations, free of anything coming my

00:43:00
way, but I have an ask. If you are here, help each other get across the finish line. That's it. How many of us are there right now? I look before the great blackout. Well, now we're at 1,700. We're over 1,700 folks that are still carrying the boats and the logs. So if you're one of the 200 this cohort, when you're part of the 300 that have already gotten jobs from 100 devs, I want you to turn around. And the first thing I ever told you is bring three more. So if you've gotten through, turn around, bring three more with you. I don't care what that looks like, whether that's helping people on discord, helping people that reach out to you on Twitter, turn around and bring three more with you because if the 300 turn around and bring three, that's everyone here. All right.

00:44:00
The folks that are still showing up to stand at the folks that are ready to carry the boats and logs, that's the deal. all right it's all it is just help the you got to add the 300 to it that's 1,200 we're taking some creative liberties those and then you got to realize that those three then turn around and bring more so it's exponential we're talking like quadratic here like it makes sense quick maths right you bring them along and we all get there if you're still here don't give up that's it you heard it from folks in the celebrations channel you heard it from folks in the tea spill manage your frustration be consistent and take care of yourself and you will get on this list as well there is nothing stopping you from getting a career in tech

00:45:00
other than you giving up. That's all there is. We're community taught through and through. This community will not let you fail if you lean into the community. If you ask questions on discord you'll get those questions answered. If you show up in voice channels people will help you. If you show up to any of our events, people will help you. Community taught through and through. And if you've already made it through, it's time to turn around and bring more folks with you. We have a chance to do something really special. Something that's never been done before. Something that could change the lives of folks around the world. and we owe it to ourselves to take that shot, to not give up, to push to make things better, to push to help more

00:46:00
individuals, and to give a little bit more time to those that need it. We're just getting started. Cool. Now, a lot of folks are saying thank you in chat. That's great. I don't like the thank yous because here's the thing I didn't do the work I I get to make tweets that honestly make me look pretty good but I didn't put in that labor I didn't put in that work I shined a light yeah I did stream a little bit. I did some stuff, but you did the work. I can't force you to do it. I can't make you show up. I can't make you do

00:47:00
the homework, do your code wars, do your Anki. You put in the work. And so while it's nice to say thank you, I don't like it. You put in the work, you are the arbiter of your success. The good things that are happening to you or will happen to you would have happened without me because you are built different, you decide to change your life. You decide to put in the work. You decide to not give up. You decided to do things that thousands and probably millions of other people won't do the things that they say they want to do, but don't want to do. So for that, for doing that, for showing up time and time again, I'm immensely, immensely thankful because I had a dream. I had something that I wanted to build, but it required

00:48:00
you all to, to give me a little faith, to give me a little belief, and then to put in an immense amount of work to you all put in that work and you deserve all the good things that are coming your way. So I got some thank yous, I got to say, uh, before we get into the thank yous though, it's just, it's honestly the community first, right? This community is amazing. This community continues to show up, support each other, to take care of each other. And in line with that, our, our, our three core tenants, our manager frustration, be consistent. You're consistently showing up. And the third is take care of yourself. And so we are going to take care of ourselves right now. We're

00:49:00
at the top the hour even though we're having fun we're celebrating our wins it's still important that we take care of ourselves we're healthy if you're able please get up move around hydrate and when we come back we got a lot of fun stuff to talk about so i'm gonna put a timer up on the clock here five minutes on the clock beautiful pumpkin platter added two minutes to the timer Wild Flamingos, thank you for the hydration. Cheers to you. All right, seven minutes. All right, everybody. Team, seven minutes, if you're able, please get up, move around, hydrate, take care of yourself, kiss some babies, and I'll see you all in seven. Come back. You're gonna play a new Pokemon game? Hell yeah, can't wait. Scarlet and Violet comes out. I'm pumped and reading all the leaks and having a good time everybody.

00:50:00
Welcome back. Welcome back So we I said I need to say some thank you first and foremost community or community taught through and through But there's a lot of folks. I want to say thank you to While we while we have everyone together tonight before we get into some other fun stuff. They're gonna be doing soon so First, thank you to my wife. Really big thank you to my wife and my new little one to say, Hey, you know this thing that I used to spend a lot of time doing freelancing that makes us a lot of money. I'm not going to do that anymore. In fact, I'm going to do this thing that costs us a lot of money and takes up most of my weeknights and at least half of every weekend for two years. Uh, so the fact that, uh, not only was my wife super

00:51:00
cool with that, but overwhelmingly supportive, uh, carrying the burden on a lot of stuff at home to make sure that I could do this, um, means a hell of a lot to me. So even after we had a little one and the little one didn't do too well and got better like to go through that emotional roller coaster and still be supportive of everything that we're doing here means a hell of a lot to me. So first and foremost, my wife and my little one, cause I, I missed out on some stuff because we're here. All right. A big thank you to our mod team. Uh, and I, I'm going to spend a few seconds here, uh, because it's, it's really important, uh, you have no idea what it takes to make this work, like you really don't and

00:52:00
it started in the beginning so you'll notice i have the current mod team here and some og mods here so i'm going to start off by saying some things um when we first started talking about the original bootcamp. The amount of vitriol this community faced, the most vile and most disgusting things you could think of were posted in our Twitch chat. And it's because my day job is helping black and brown folks get jobs as software engineers. And people online hated that. and they hate it that I proudly said that's what I do and that's what I spend my life work on. So when we first started on Twitch, it was an absolute shit show. I mean, I've been called some things in my days

00:53:00
as a black man, you get detensitized to it a little bit, but being live, being black and being proud of it, The stuff that used to come into this chat was ridiculous. And Alyssa was the person that made sure that none of y'all saw it. So Alyssa is not with us these days. Um, but in the beginning, the reason why we were able to do what we did was because of them, otherwise this wouldn't have happened. We would have left. I just would have stopped. So Alyssa waded through the muck to make this start. And so always will have my thanks. And then Ocala and Jesse and OCC picked up the mantle throughout the first

00:54:00
cohort and helped us shape this community in ways that still ripple today. And then we have our current mod team, and I can't tell you how much these people mean to me. That they give up all hours of their day because being a moderator is not like you're on like I'm live Tuesday, Thursday, Sundays, but mods are always on and they're always on discord. They're always in the chat and they're making sure you have a phenomenal experience. Every day we delete stuff from discord. Every single day. We have some people that just don't know how to act. We have spam. We have stuff that the mods are so

00:55:00
quick to remove to have Passionate discussions about whether or not these things are right for our community Do we want these things to to continue and if you've ever had a good experience at? 100 devs it's because of the mods Blah and I talk once a week and and every good thing that I have come up with has either come from Blah, or Blah has at least said, not a good idea, good idea. So all the cool stuff that's happened at 100 Devs has been because of them. Shaping Huntober, shaping how we run class, shaping how we build out project team. Uh, so behind the scenes, blah, our director of community does just that. Uh, and I would have been lost in the sauce without

00:56:00
them to have that sounding board, to make sure I'm going in the right direction each week, uh, that's all blah. Uh, next the, the unsung hero of discord, our discord would screech to a halt if it wasn't for Difker, like it would just break. It would just stop working from helping us build out the threading system that we use in all the help channels to making sure those help channels actually run. Like there's so much stuff that breaks, doesn't work or messages that get lost in the sauce that they're constantly surfacing to make sure that the community keeps running. Uh, so literally the tools that we use have come from Divker, they're constantly showing new stuff, constantly making sure that we're making Discord as best as it can be. And the front line of going through every single

00:57:00
type of request, every single message, the moderation that happens, happens because Divker brings it up in our mod channels and then we take action. Uh, so thank you, Divker. I really do mean it. Like this does not work without you. Uh, Chris, one of our, our fearless moderators has constantly been a source of comfort for so many folks that are going through a hundred devs for folks that are going through the roughest of times, Chris has sent some beautiful messages that have made the difference in so many people's lives, because we know that this is a roller coaster. We know that there are ups, that there are downs and

00:58:00
they have the biggest skill when it comes to helping people just be okay. Miriam OG as well, through the thick and thin, not only responding messages, not always, not only just always rolling up their sleeves, but also making sure that I'm okay, uh, sending me messages to say like, keep doing it or checking in to make sure I'm okay, or that, that meeting sounds a little weird. How are you feeling about it has always come at the right time and helped me do the things that I want to do on top of all their moderation duty. So a huge thank you. Indifferent ghost is the person that keeps me sane because nobody has ever done this before. Nobody has done what we're doing live and at

00:59:00
scale and tried to pull as many folks as we can forward. And every, I tell you this, but every single class, I don't know if I'm doing it right. And then imposter syndrome gets in, like the lead up the class is always nerve wracking to me. And indifferent is always the person that has grounded me that has experienced teaching bootcamps has been like no we're doing the right thing We're helping these people and so they've always helped with the direction of program But also just letting me know that it's working and that we're actually helping and we're doing the right thing And so without indifferent, I would have given up a long time ago Kieran an amazing moderator that was always bringing happiness to the moderation team, but also always making sure

01:00:00
that when the rest of us were asleep, things were still running smoothly. We're a global community and they made it that. And we wouldn't have been able to do a lot of the things that we did without them. Yolanda or cat emotion has always stepped up and the most when we need the most they're there the messages that they've shared the things that we've asked of them to do for this community they've done our tea spills they've shown up time and time again and added a level of calmness and and and kindness to this community that I'm really thankful for. And then we do a lot, I try to take gambles. I don't wanna call them gambles, but we think of big ideas

01:01:00
and we try to see if they'll work. And so Telescope Thieves really helped us figure out project teams. And if we could have teams of folks working and building on stuff, and they really made sure that folks came together, that we're able to build the first iteration of project teams and really help lay the groundwork for what I think is going to be coming next. And so a huge thank you to that. That's the moderator team. I hope you all realize that none of this works without them. And I hope that there are some of you here that want to rise to that challenge too, because we're going to need more of y'all. We're going to need more moderators as we continue to grow. Just these few people have brought our community from zero to over 43,000 people. This is it. This is the list.

01:02:00
43,000 people. And this is it, for keeping everything running, volunteering their time, giving up their nights, their weekends. It's mind-blowing. Thank you to the stream team. My goal is for us to be community taught. That's the thing I care about the most. I do not want to be the only person instructing. I do not want to be the only person shining a path forward. I want us to collectively bring folks into the careers that they want. Without the stream team, we would have lost a lot of folks. A lot of folks that were stuck, that needed help, that needed a different way of visualizing, seeing things, doing things, to review homework together, to

01:03:00
continue to push, to provide motivation on the days that we weren't live, our community would have withered very quickly. And the stream team is what helped our community grow and, and be more than just one person to really be a community, to really be community taught. And I didn't know it would be these people, but I am thankful every day that it was. Mind Wolf has shown up time and time again for all of y'all. The most difficult topics, they try and break down, they don't try, they do, they break down in ways that make sense with compassion and kindness and pulling you begrudgingly through homework, spending hours, hours, what was it, 12 hours? Like just hours through stuff that you would have had to have done alone. And the

01:04:00
fact that so many of you didn't have to do it alone 14 hours, thank you for traversy is The beginning of community taught so community taught starts with my wolf Hello's Rufio has consistently Helped us do things that the community needed. I think of their backdating the GitHub. I think through their streams where they started bringing other folks into the community. Hello Truffio has time and time again shown up for this community, help folks learn and to keep pushing. Once again, not alone. And Fox has brought warmth to this community, provided a space for folks to continue to do things like their code wars to do things that

01:05:00
are honestly just hard by yourself but to do it together that's living up to community talk and then the OG stream team which first made this possible dab who you heard during the tea spill single-handedly brought dozens of y'all into jobs OCC paved the way for a lot of folks in this community to continue learning and to believe in themselves that they could actually learn this stuff too. So to the stream team, a huge thank you. We're community taught and these folks show us every single day what that means. Then we have a whole host of folks that have been helpful and there's no way I can list everyone. I'm just gonna list the folks that have been tagged up And I'm hoping to tag out more of y'all in the coming weeks, uh, as we kind of get these surveys out and folks say, who's been helpful. So these are folks that

01:06:00
have been helpful in the past, but it is not a comprehensive list when we do one of our follow-up classes, I'll have more folks to add here because there are a lot of you that aren't on here that deserve to be on here and I'm going to add you. Uh, so folks that continue to show up and help our community and different Ghosts who I've talked about who has had a huge impact on all of us and our community. Rascal2 who's continued to show up time and time again for this community from everywhere from YouTube to Discord to Twitch to the help channels. They have been instrumental in this cohort actually making it. Leveler, Ski, Walid, folks from the OG OGs that were continually in our in our channels when there was nobody else answering questions pulling folks along I'm immensely thankful. Rav who you know from our raids that continues to show up in our discord day in and day out. Nick who's given untold

01:07:00
hours of their time to help folks even early on we were getting into things like react and of course, uh, the fairy job mother, Stephanie, who, uh, has been doing an immense amount of one-on-ones that has been coming to our, to our, to our Monday sessions that will continue to come to our Monday sessions that have given us the templates and the things that we need to, to get our jobs. Uh, I am immensely, immensely thankful to you all. And for the folks that are not on this list, you will be, but for the folks that give up their time for the folks that go into the help channels and answer a question. I am immensely thankful. People always ask me, what can I do to support you? What can I do to help a hundred devs? And my answer is always, I don't want your money. I want you to go into the help channels and help somebody. And you know what? A lot of folks don't. A lot of folks will cap. A lot of folks will say, hey, Leon, I love a hundred devs. I want to, I want to

01:08:00
help. I want to help. But what they're really saying is I want clout. Okay, put me on stream, share my book, go fuck yourself. If you want to help, get in the help channels and actually help. That's it. That's the best way you can help. I don't want your money. I want your time. Not everybody wants to give it. So, for the folks that do, literally the folks that do, that is the thankless, unsung heroes of 100 devs. I don't know how to say it better. They're exactly. There are people that want the vanity of saying they help others. And then there are people that just get in the trenches and help. That's it. There's no way I could think of it.

01:09:00
And I want a small army of folks that want to get in the trenches and they want to help. And for the folks that are on this list, they're one of those people. So thank you. If you've ever answered a question on discord, thank you. If you're saying Leon, I'm inspired, I want to help, I want to do good, go, go answer questions on discord. Most questions always have answers, but they could always have more. If you ever see a question that doesn't have an answer, please, that's what I want. We also have alumni mentors that have shown up to help our study communities that started that continue to be an extra set of eyes on on discord and continue to help shape this community, not just getting

01:10:00
the job or completing program and disappearing, but coming back and continuing to pull more people along. Uh, one of my, one of the happiest moments I had this year was honestly, just looking at a voice channel and seeing so many of these people a year plus later, just hanging out talking. That's a fucking community, right? that there's, there's no other proof to it than that, to literally see people on this, on this list that got there's a year plus ago that did what they wanted to do, finish program. And then literally a year later are just on voice channels just because just hanging out, just talking that's

01:11:00
community that's community taught. And so I'm thankful for all these folks that signed up to help others that pull other people along. Thank you Thank you to the project team that helped us figure out some stuff and how we might have groups within 100 devs that build stuff that we can all use Thank You read it Realistically most people are here because they came from reddit and well, I I I have my concerns with certain portions of it I love me some reddit and I think we would be a way smaller community Without without it. So for everybody that came from reddit, what up? Of course, thank you 21 savage Without 21 savage all of our apps wouldn't work because they all run on 2121 and Thank you for inspiring a lot of our projects and the things that we built Thank you for

01:12:00
your latest collaborations with Drake. You continue to be a source of inspiration for our whole community. And then thank you to every single person that showed up. And I say this specifically because there are a lot of y'all because I got the receipts. I got the analytics folks. I know that there are a large portion of you that have come to every single class And have never said a damn thing That I've never typed on discord have never typed in this chat have never gone to Remo I'm glad you're here full stop I don't care if you're just a lurker. That's okay. We need lurkers, too but Thank you for showing up when I talk about all this folks. I talked about the community. I'm still talking about you Cause you're built different. You continue to show up. You continue to help folks find us, continue to bump

01:13:00
us to the top. And uh, I hope if you're one of those folks that have never typed and you have the ability to help you decide to put an emoji in chat if you want, or just say anything now, it doesn't have to be now. Maybe it'll be on discord. Maybe it'll be in our events later on, but I'm thankful that you're here, and I hope that you continue to stay part of the community even if you've just been lurking. So graduation. If you have been here since the beginning, you have put in the work, if you have continued to show up. Congratulations. You have now graduated. That's it. I don't need you to fill out a form. I don't need you to let me know what

01:14:00
you did. You put in the work and you've been here, congratulations. You've just graduated 100 devs. I'm going to give a 10 second warning and then we got to play a little bit of party music. Five second warning. in. You put in the work, you showed up, you should be immensely proud of

01:15:00
the things that you've been able to achieve. you've from taking a risk, all in for the scam, signing up, showing up, learning HTML, struggling between like, Oh, I got to look up stuff on the MDN. What is, what is, what is that? H one to, to learning the basics of CSS, struggling with the box model, struggling with why is this person and teaching me floats. Melody, thank you for the gift itself. Hey, Leah Tico, thank you for the gift itself. Thank you for being here. And congrats to both of y'all again. To getting some flex in, to learning about responsiveness, to struggling with media queries, to building the salon website site and adding some stuff to your baseline

01:16:00
portfolio to learning the big foreign JavaScript, learning what the heck functions are, variables are loops, conditionals, and learning a programming language from scratch to taking that knowledge and starting to build real stuff, real stuff that should be on your portfolio to this day, to getting into APIs and getting data back from NASA. Can you, can you just think about this for a second? Billions of years of evolution led to humans, humans, then built out computers. Those computers then helped you learn how to code and somebody else along that timeline, built a, a big old camera that took a photo of something deep in the galaxy and you wrote code that took that photo and showed it up on

01:17:00
a screen. What is this? Like, what is that? To, to then taking that JavaScript and understanding that the things that we thought were JavaScript, like the DOM, not JavaScript, set interval, set timeout, not JavaScript, to learning about node and the backend, to using that skills, to build out backend applications, to, to, to learning how to handle our views with EJS, to learning how Mongo works and, and adding documents and then learning MVC and building out bigger and bigger applications, building full-stack web applications together, learning how to learn with Dr. Barbara Oakley, to getting clients, contributing to open source, to learning data structures and algorithms, a touch of React,

01:18:00
to coming to stand up, to giving your nights and weekends to learn. Folks, you're special. Other individuals won't do those things. They'll say they want it, but they don't want to do the work. All the, all the nightmares, all those long nights, all that hard reading, those hard videos, the stuff that didn't make sense. Leon, why'd you say it like that I need to go get me some mind wolf to explain it better you stuck through it you stuck through it you managed your frustration you did it you managed the first thing I told you to do is manage your frustration

01:19:00
And I hope you took care of yourself along the way, because you're still here. So that's how I know you did it because the folks that didn't last, listen to that last piece, they're not here anymore. Taking care of yourself is, is an equal part of this process. And as you go into the hunt, as you go into the hunt, you're going to you go into what I think is the most difficult part of this process, I hope you don't forget those three things. Manage your frustration, be consistent, and take care of yourself. Those three things got you to this point. They got you to graduating and they're going to carry you through the hunt. Throw his hat, did everyone see Brendan's

01:20:00
hat? It was amazing. If you haven't followed him on Twitter, you're missing out. Alright, congratulations everybody, really well deserved. Alright, so what's next? Well, uh, we're going to have a virtual party, uh, it's about finding the right platform for it. So probably, uh, right before the holidays or maybe right after, uh, we're going to have a virtual party where we can hopefully hang out with each other. Um, commiserate spend some, some well-earned time together, just hanging out and partying. We're going to do a little bit of that tonight, but I want a slightly better platform that might be open to more folks. And then Blanc has been trying to plan for a very long time a West Coast meetup So we're gonna make it happen We're gonna do a West Coast meetup and then we're gonna talk about a hundred maintainers because I would love to see a bunch of other local meetups Happen where folks come together and we're gonna help try and facilitate that so folks that have been Going

01:21:00
through this experience might be able to see some of you in like real life so So that's something we're going to start trying to facilitate just to say hello to see each other. So that's coming. You deserve to celebrate your victories together. So we'll do a virtual party and then we're going to also try and help facilitate some meetups to folks can celebrate together. So that leads us into what's next. And there's a couple of big things I want to talk about about what's next. And the first thing is that hunts tober or hunts giving continues So every single day we are doing stand-up or a tea spill That's going to go throughout into the holidays and probably a little bit after I Really want you all to have more experience with data structures and algorithms And that's just a little bit of daily practice that we can do to to learn all that Also, it's a place for you all to ask questions that you're running

01:22:00
to on the actual hunt. You got an offer. How do you negotiate? You got an interview. What should you prepare? All this stuff that keeps coming up, we want a space for you to be able to get that help and support literally every single day. And so that's going to continue for the foreseeable future. All right, hey, that's awesome. We also are still finishing up the first wave. So the first wave of all the Huntober stuff is still happening. Touring is still happening. The letters, the verifications and stuff like that are still going out. And now that I have a little bit more time, we'll be able to get those things hopefully done within the next week. So that'll go out very soon. And then we'll send out messages for wave two So give me about like another week week and a half for wave one And then we'll figure out wave two and then we'll figure out how to do something for the rest of the community

01:23:00
Can you please accept people into LinkedIn group they've been accepted make sure you have a lot of folks that say hey Leon I have a photo and a Description don't actually have a photo and description pull up your profile on a like separate window like an incognito need a window, and make sure you have those two things. If you do, you get at it. Cool. So all those goodness still continues. Wave one, finishing up. Wave two will be soon, and we'll keep going. We also have a few more classes that I wanna get through. Postgres, testing, agile methodology. I probably won't be the only person doing these. We'll probably have guests that'll be joining me to work through these things. There's no hard date for any of this stuff. It's just as I find the right folks from the community that want to help me work through it That's what we're going to do So we're going to get to these and a few other things I think are important to just be on the top of your brain

01:24:00
And then I need a lot of help Like a lot of help Folks keep asking about a third cohort and And there is no way a third cohort happens without help from the community. And so I've had this idea for a little while called 100 Maintainers. And over the next few weeks we're going to be sharing more. Basically next week surveys will be going out for feedback and stuff like that. And then also just me trying to recruit folks for 100 Maintainers. Folks that feel passionately about what we are doing has an impact and could change literally the trajectory of some folks lives and their careers. I want folks that are committed to that mission, committed to the idea of what we built here is special and wants to see it grow. and

01:25:00
there are so many things that I want to have someone take charge of from our YouTube from our social media from our website to our documentation for each class like there's so many projects that get put on the back burner that if we had someone that wanted to step up, rise up to the challenge and own, and then be supported by the community, be supported by myself and Blah and the rest of the moderator team, um, that's, that's the future, right? The future is us coming together to build hands down the best experience possible. And so on that form will be a lot of things that I think we need but I am

01:26:00
open to Whatever you think would improve the next cohort if you are serious about owning it and making it the best it can be So I really want someone to make sure that our help channels are the best that they can be I want to make sure that as I am building out the the the platform for our jobs, right? Like I want to, like we have the job board that's launching relatively soon. I want somebody that wants to own the relationships with the companies that go on the job board. I want somebody that owns the relationships with the folks that we bring on as guests to our streams. Like there's so many things that we could be doing and firing and off cylinders if folks from this community wanted to do it. And so when folks ask me, when is the next, when is the next cohort? I don't know if we can

01:27:00
figure out all these things and support, not just a thousand people, but 10,000 people, a hundred thousand people going through a program like this, that gets me excited. Right. That gets me excited. How can we support, we went from 300, right. To, to, to thousands. How do we go to 10 thousands? And that is a scope beyond me, right? That's a scope beyond me. And so if we're really community taught, we need to build out those systems that help the entire community. And that's what I think 100 maintainers should be. And so maintainers are from open source communities. So in open source communities, you have a maintainer, somebody that owns that part of the project. And that's what I want for 100 devs. I want somebody that wants to own that part of the project that gets all the laurels, that gets all the wins, that can proudly say, hey, I

01:28:00
handle this at 100 devs. And that's what we're looking for. And so we'll be sharing a form next week that you can sign up if you'd like to sign up and that will have a place to share what you think you would want to handle If it's not on that list and so that's 100 maintainers We I already had so many folks that have come out and said they want to do this And so it's gonna take us a while things are gonna not be great in the beginning We're gonna find ways to build out consistent documentation to build out consistent process. Nobody has done this at scale Nobody has done this where they have 40 plus thousand people in a discord Thousands of plus people in each class and so there will be speed bumps But I think together we can build something that really works well for the next cohort of 100 devs And so that's if you want to That's one thing that I really want to focus on for the next cohort

01:29:00
then my baby The thing that I have wanted since the beginning Is the agency? And so the agency site will be going live It's not done. So PRs are welcome once the site goes live. This weekend, hand to God, it is going live. And it will not be good. And so PRs are welcome. Folks that wanna add documentation, that wanna add things that help folks learn more about 100 Devs will be live. and that'll be just the start the long-term goal is for individuals as they are learning to have the ability to complete pull requests and get paid if

01:30:00
you don't want to do that and you just want the traditional hundred devs experience, that's okay. That's absolutely fine with me. Um, but not everyone has that privilege and I do not want to continue to build systems that do not work for everyone. It is great that so many of us have the luxury and privilege of time to work on this stuff unpaid. Not everyone has that privilege. And so, for folks that need a way to fund the time that they're investing as they are learning, that's where the agency comes into play. I already have some companies that want to work with us, but think about the power, right? Think about the power of what our community brings to an organization that hires our agency right

01:31:00
think about it it's not just development it's beta testers it's QA it's maybe initial customers it's promotion it's thousands of likes and retweets before they even frickin launch It's something that no other agency could provide and we have the means to do it. And so my long-term vision is that someone comes to the agency, the project gets broken down into digestible pull requests, or sorry, digestible issues. And as you go through that process, you're going to be able to you complete pull requests, you get paid a portion of what funds came into the agency. And if you don't want to do that part, that's okay. If you do, you now have a means of getting paid while you go through program and

01:32:00
you also have real world experience on your portfolio. When you graduate on your resume, you can put the real clients that you've worked for. So I pushed you all to do it independently, and now I would love to help you do it, not independently, but through the agency. And so this will be a hard fought victory. This will be something that's going to take a long time. Uh, it's going to be a lot of hard work. It's going to be something that delays the next cohort until we figure it out. Um, but it's the next thing I'm setting my mind to. And it's what I think is the only way to continue equitably, equitably free is not free for everyone. and I think this is one of the solutions. Now, there's a lot of stuff we gotta figure out. I'll be hosting kind of like weekly calls on everything that I think that I'm putting into this, asking for help to build it out. Everything will be done in the open, completely open books, completely open budgets, every contract,

01:33:00
everything will be in the open. So when somebody comes to the agency, that's what they're signing up for, because that's also a big mystery to a lot of folks. Like, how do I do actual contracts? How do I, um, how do I talk to clients? How do I build real products? Well, what if every single person that was building the product was also streaming it, right? And so there's, there's, there's an idea here that I think it's going to take some time to figure out, but I think it could be a huge differentiator for folks that really need it. Now, the first thing you're saying is Leon, wait a minute, setting up an agency, incorporating lawyers, contracts, figuring out payroll, all of this stuff costs a lot of money. Why not be a nonprofit? Well, if I started a nonprofit, the

01:34:00
donations would come from y'all, the donations would come from you and that defeats the whole goddamn point of me not wanting you to have to pay any money. I know the moment that we started nonprofit, you were all paying money to that nonprofit. it. That defeats the entire point of everything I've done over these last two years. It also causes a lot of really hard red tape. That means that a lot of bigger brands can't just work with us. So the way that we fund 100 devs going into the future is through the agency and everything will be open. All the books will be open. All the work will be open. And that's the way we make it sustainable, not only for us, but for everyone that comes through, that needs the means to support themselves as they go through program now, starting all this costs, a lot of money, setting

01:35:00
up an agency, incorporating, uh, getting real good lawyers in place to make sure I'm doing everything and not fucking everything up, getting real bookkeepers, all this stuff in place costs significant get money, like actual investment, uh, to get this done. And so you're saying Leon, well, how are you going to get this off the ground? Well, I would like to introduce our first sponsor of many raid shadow legends. It's not a meme. They're literally sponsoring us. Yeah, it's not a joke. they're literally giving us money so that we can build out the agency. So next week, I will be playing Raid Shadow Legends on stream and they're gonna pay us enough money that I can hire like lawyers and stuff to build

01:36:00
the agency. But only if you all show up. Uh, this has been a dream of mine since the beginning. This moment right here is what I did everything for. I've always wanted to be able to say that we were sponsored by raid shadow legends, uh, just for the, the meme of it, but it's true. It really happened there. They're sponsoring our community. And so next week I'll be playing raid on stream, uh, for each person that signs up with our code, we get even more money for the agency. And, uh, for each person that makes it to level 25, it's a completely free game. For each person that makes it to level 25, uh, they actually get free merch. So not only did I figure out a way to fund the agency, but there's also a way for you to get free merch. And the merch

01:37:00
actually says don't sign up yet. Well, you got, you got to use the code or else we don't get any money. All right. The I'll release the code next week when we do everything. Um, but yeah, so if you shine up with our, our link that directly funds the agency, uh, it'll all be open. I'll show you how much money is coming in, all that stuff. And then the folks that make it to level 25, uh, I believe I'm trying to negotiate more, but it's the first 100 can't make this shit up folks. The first 100 folks to make it to level 25 Will get custom merch that says 100 devs investor on it So you can join the boardroom You can come join the boardroom The people that make it to level 25 Will get a mug or a tote bag that says 100 devs with our logo and then investor

01:38:00
because you invested in starting the agency by playing Raid Shadow Legends. So I, this is like, this is so fun. I love this. So I'm out here grinding y'all. I'm out here grinding. I'm taking all the sponsorships. We're going to get this agency off the ground and I'm super happy that Raid Shadow Legends is sponsoring us. So that'll be next week. Come through, hang out. When I share the link, if you sign up with the link, the more people that sign up with the link, the more money the agency gets. And then the first 100 folks that make it to level 25, each person that makes it to level 25 makes us more money for the agency. And then the first 100 folks that reach level 25 get a mug or tote bag that says 100 devs investor on it. So I hope that you join us next week as we lay the groundwork for our community and building out the agency,

01:39:00
yeah. Tell me this was all, I love this. This is like, this is the, I've always wanted to do this. Let's go, all right. Now, before we spend some time together this evening, one last push. You all are phenomenal soft French ears. Was it a joke? No, it wasn't a joke. This is dead serious. I am dead serious because look, look, look, it's everything that we want, right? It's everything we want rate is completely free to play. You can play it. Not only your desktop, you can also play it on your mobile phone. It runs on fricking toasters. That's perfect. I will never like hello, fresh factor. All these other companies want to work with us because

01:40:00
our community is so strong. I say no to those sponsors because it would cost you money to get those things. Right? Like if I took a hello fresh sponsor that is telling don't stop spamming it because it's not going to, um, I don't want people to sign up now. We need them to sign up with our link, right? If I took a hello fresh sponsorship, right. And I made stuff on stream that's asking you all to then go and buy something. I will never take those sponsorships. Right. But, Raid is completely free, you can play it on a toaster, and if you get to level 25, you get free stuff. Like what? Can't beat that. Alright.

01:41:00
Now. One last push before we spend some time together tonight. You are all phenomenal software engineers. You all have done things that other folks cannot do or won't do. You have given up nights, weekends, untold number of hours. You have ridden the rollercoaster through highs and lows. You have trudged through the trough of sorrow. You've gotten lost in the muck. But

01:42:00
you kept moving forward. And so I want you to be immensely proud of the work that you put in and the work that you will continue to do. Knowledge in our brains is the only fucking thing people can't take from us. And whether you've been here for one class or 69, you now have things that others do not know things that folks cannot take from you, things that will put food on the table, things that can unlock a career that'll change yours, your families and those

01:43:00
around you's lives forever. A lot of you are at the end of the trough of sorrow. you're at that point that I showed you the dip that goes even deeper the dip where it feels like you can't continue it feels like rejection after rejection and that stuff can eat at you more than any other part of this process and so all I ask is that you don't give up. And when you are in that low and

01:44:00
you are close, go in the struggle bus channel, tell us what's happening, tell us what's going on so that we can live up to being community taught, that we can help those that are at the breaking point and help pull them forward. And if you have made it through those wiggles of false hope and you are completing your hunt or you're a little earlier and you just haven't gotten there yet, when you see somebody at that point, please live up to being community taught and help folks through those lows and into the job. You are a phenomenal software engineer. You are built different. You have done things that others cannot do or won't

01:45:00
do. You deserve the things that are coming your way. You deserve to have a wonderful career. You deserve to have a wonderful life that can be afforded to you because of that career. I hope you remember all the folks that are in this chat right now. All the folks that are here right now saying they want to help you carry the boats and logs that have been with us since the beginning. They're here for you, they're here for me, and when you need us most, we'll be here for you. It has been an absolute privilege to spend this time with you all, to see your journey

01:46:00
from not knowing the difference between HTML and JavaScript, to the phenomenal software engineers that you are today, building so many fantastic programs and applications, running meetups, getting phenomenal jobs. Our community is strong because of the work that you put in. Our community is strong because you continue to show up. Our community is strong because of the energy you bring to it. And I hope you don't forget us. I hope that you continue to show up on Discord. I hope you continue to show up here in chat. I hope as we do all the things that we're setting up as our big goals for the future For this community for the folks that need it most

01:47:00
You help And so I would love to spend a Little time tonight hanging out on our favorite platform And end like we started and that's together. So I'm gonna move to Remo. I'm gonna hang out. I'm gonna jump to a bunch of different tables to talk with folks, to hang out with you all, and to celebrate a little bit. But this isn't the end. It's honestly the beginning of a a lot of what I hope are really wonderful things to come. We still got some classes together. We still got some sponsors to go through. We got an agency to build. We got a community to maintain.

01:48:00
And I'm glad you decided to give me a chance. I hope you've learned some wonderful things. and I know the job you're hoping for is gonna come soon. So, I will see you all on Remo. I hope you have a good morning, a good afternoon, or a good evening, no matter where you're coming from. I hope you're doing well. If we don't get got, we go get. See you on Remo everybody, peace.
