00:00:00
You

00:03:00
Yeah, what's going on everybody good morning good afternoon good evening no matter where you're coming from hope y'all are doing Well hangers only indeed. Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome in. Welcome in whoo Boy, we got a night tonight Whoo, let's go everybody in here How's it going? Everybody? How's it going? Welcome in welcome in. Hope you all doing well. Hope you all had a good day

00:04:00
What's going on everybody get in here get in here, you know how we like to do get on in here Alrighty so a couple big things today All right, a couple big things today Today will be a short stream. Uh, we're not going to be on stream for that long because tonight We're networking, baby. That's right, we're networking. So short stream, we're gonna get everybody on the same page. We're gonna get people feeling okay about the idea of maybe networking for the first time. For some of you, this might be your first networking event. And so we're gonna try it. We're gonna hope that the platform we use doesn't burn to the ground because we've, we've done it to a few other platforms before, but we're going to come together tonight. We're going to talk about networking. We're going to talk about your introduction, the very beginning of,

00:05:00
of the class, right? Like, sorry, the very beginning of networking, like starting from the beginning, from the basics told y'all, I'm going to help you every step of the way. We're going to cover the basics tonight. We're literally talking about your introduction. I think that's where the biggest source of fear, That little creep of anxiety comes in is literally just how do you start conversations, right? So we're gonna start that tonight together The tweet for tonight if you haven't checked in yet You know, he's the x-ray point check-in or just if you're on Twitter, you'll see my tweet. I Said shh no new friends. I didn't want to use any hashtags I didn't want to use anything that might bring new folks in because they don't know what we're about, right? And so I wanted it just to be us going into the networking session so new no new friends for tonight We'll get new friends on Thursday, but for tonight just us good old hundred devs, right? As

00:06:00
always I always like to start off class with With our questions, you know, like I start off with the question and so tonight's first question is Would you rather? infinite weightless pockets, like pockets that are on your pants, or an infinite weightless closet. So why do I have to throw weightless in there? Because if you had a bunch of stuff in your pockets, you might start to not be able to move, right? And if you put too much stuff in your closet, it might crash into the ground. So, infinite pockets or infinite closet. A lot of people saying pockets. So this is one of those ones where the more I think about it, the more I kind of like, if you had infinite pockets, how easy is it to search through your pockets?

00:07:00
Or maybe like you don't go overboard. Maybe just like carry like all this stuff that would go in a backpack. You can throw in your pockets. I don't know. Right? It's a little, it gets a little odd, right? Infinite closet, maybe it's a walk-in closet and I could always be able to get to my stuff. I don't know, this is a hard one. I feel like I'm a one bagger. I like to travel with just one backpack. So for me, infinite pockets would be the dream come true. I'm going infinite pockets. I was close to closet. I was very close to closet, but the last second I was switching the pockets. It's like we got either or, either or. How heavy are the pockets? They're weightless. That's the caveat, they're weightless. All right, folks. Thank you for always amusing me with your answers to these silly questions at the beginning. I really do like seeing people's answers to these questions. It's a good way to kind of see how people think. But I wanna start off with some questions. So regular old questions for tonight. Questions about things you might

00:08:00
have coming up. Happy to answer a few questions as we let folks get in here for tonight. Remo's giving you trouble. Don't worry. We'll get there later on. What do you think of the stream deck? I just watched Linus's videos on it. I was actually watching this right before stream. Um, I'm, I'm amped. I really, I really liked the idea of a stream deck. I think it's going to, it's going to be a game changer. I think it's going to be way bigger than people are planning. I think it's going to be big. We broke Remo already. Maybe I think as people are kind of like signing up it might be a little extra pressure, but we separate it to like six different rooms We'll see how it goes Can we do the 15 minutes of pain together we're gonna do that on Thursday together Yeah, there is they're gonna go over that stuff together. I so people ask

00:09:00
like Um, I'll actually explain this in a few seconds, but people said study groups. Yes. Today is your last day to sign up for the study communities. Uh, Google forms went down over the weekend. Google forms went down trash dev. Hey, thank you for the raid. Hope you're doing well. Hope your stream went well. Thanks for bringing the crew over. How was your stream? Thank you for bringing everybody by Trash Dev. We gotta bring it back soon. As soon as we see you live one of these days, we're gonna come right back. Hope you're doing well. Yeah, so for folks that are coming from Trash Dev, we are doing a 30-week software engineering bootcamp. To normally do classes every Tuesday and Thursday. Tonight is our networking night and so it's it's it's gonna be a short

00:10:00
stream and then we're jumping on a different platform to do a networking event just to get folks comfortable with the idea of networking right. As folks progress through our boot camp aka starting next week they have to have three network connections and two coffee chats and so we start practicing that tonight. Trash, I hope your stream went well. Thanks for bringing everybody by. Cool. So we were talking about this idea of, oh, the study communities. So Google Forms went down over the weekend. And so when it went down, we got a lot of messages. So you have until end of day today, basically, until, let's say, after normal class time tonight, and then we're kind of locking down the form. If you need the form, it's on follow along materials channel. I'll bring it up on the slides as well in a few seconds. But then we're gonna start adding folks.

00:11:00
And we're gonna specifically add the location groups first, because some folks might wanna do their own type of networking, right? That they might not be able to join us live right now because they're in a different part of the world. And so we're gonna fill out those first. You're gonna start seeing folks get added to those soon. We tried everything underneath the sun to mass add roles. It's just, I don't think it's possible in Discord. So myself and the Valiant mods have stepped up. We're gonna add people manually to roles, which is gonna take us a long time, but we're gonna slowly do it over this week. So you should start seeing people get added to study communities as early as tomorrow, and then it's just gonna be rolling. As we have time, we're gonna keep adding folks. So hopefully by this time next week, we have everyone in their study communities and it's going well. Yeah Yeah, there's a lot of bots we tried none of them just did it well or did it consistently and so Rip, let's just let's just get it done

00:12:00
Yeah, always a shout out to the mods they do way more than y'all ever will know They're in the muck They're there. They're the front line when it comes to Making sure this community stays the community that we all love, right? So always a big shout out to the mods. Cool. Let's get into it. So tonight we're gonna talk about how to network. We're gonna cover one of the biggest things, which is the introduction. And then we're gonna try doing a networking night. And we're gonna talk all about it, how to do it, how to be involved in it. And then we're gonna talk a little bit about the homework, because we're getting an extension. So we've extended the homework deadline until next Tuesday. And I'm gonna talk about that in a second. All right, if you haven't checked in, just for intended sake, it's not for growing the community today. It's just so I know that you're here,

00:13:00
liking and retweet the tweet. Some folks don't know Drake lyrics or a lot of other people's lyrics, but no new friends is just a joke. We're talking about no new friends tonight. We didn't want it to reach other folks that have no idea what a hundred devs is because we're doing networking You don't want random people just joining us. They have no idea what the heck's going on. So tonight was no new friends Thursday, we'll get the we'll get the friends coming back This is the the last time I will mention the study communities If you have not filled out the form to join the study community of your choice today is the last day We won't be adding any more folks to study communities until maybe a little bit further into program as we have the catch-up crew and things like that. But for now, today's your last day to get in. You can fill out this form right here. It's also in the follow-on materials channel on Discord. If you're following along ever, like if you're not following along live, like

00:14:00
you're on YouTube, shout out YouTube crew. First thing I always say is make sure you're on our Discord, leonduel.com slash Discord. It's linked in the video description below. You can do exclamation point discord here in chat to always get to that discord quickly. Everything I ever share in the slides is always, almost always in the following materials channel anyway. So last day to join the study communities. We got a lot of great groups, a lot of kind of like affinity groups, and then also good location based groups that you can all join. And we just hope that these study communities just create a little bit smaller of a community for you to belong to, to work with each other. You'll all have your own private voice channels, a bunch of fun stuff. Yeah, if you already did the second form, you're good. This is not like a third form, it's just the second form. Yeah, I feel like these groups are gonna help me feel more connected. That's the goal, that's what I hope for. Yeah, that's what I hope for.

00:15:00
Alrighty, submitting work. There's no work due tonight, So don't worry about submitting anything this evening or morning or wherever you're coming from. So no homework due tonight. And the homework that was originally scheduled for Thursday, we're gonna push until Tuesday. Okay, we're gonna push until Tuesday. So all your layouts, right? All your layouts are due Tuesday. I know you had to read the Flexbox work. I know you had to do Flexbox Froggy. I'm just not asking for proof that you did it. So you don't have to turn in anything tonight to prove that you did Flexbox Froggy. I'm just assuming that you did Flexbox Froggy so that we can touch on it later. Yeah, but work that was supposed to be due Thursday, due next Tuesday, that gives us a whole nother weekend to get through it. Thursday's class, we're gonna get in review and go through some of the layouts together, right? So if you're at that point, now Thursday we're gonna talk a lot about this. A lot of you are about to enter the

00:16:00
Trough of Sorrow. Most of you are not yet in the trough of sorrow. You're going down the hill, but you haven't hit the bottom yet. So on Thursday, we're gonna talk about what it means to hit the bottom. And then we're gonna spend a lot of time breaking down the layouts together so that you're not starting by yourself. We're gonna do a little bit of Pomodoro live, like a live Pomodoro work session so you can get some work in, ask tons of questions. And we're pushing the work until Tuesday. And this is a big thing about what I think makes 100 devs different and one of the things that I think is really important to me as an educator And that's that I don't have a rigid structure that I have to stick to Right, but if I feel like the community needs a little bit more time on something guess what? We're gonna take a little bit more time on it If there are things that I think people are really freaking out about guess what we're gonna spend time on it One of the things that

00:17:00
kept coming up was Leon. I don't know how to start networking I don't know how to like introduce myself great. We're gonna do that tonight. You're gonna do it with friends You're gonna do it with the community that's here to support you So if you're worried about networking tonight, you're gonna do it in the confines of a hundred devs Not to worry about anybody else. We all are beginners here. We all know that this is maybe our first time networking So we're going to create a safer space for you to test this stuff out Right for you to flounder a little bit and then to get it right by the end of the night, right? So we're taking tuesday all night tonight just to network with each other to get those jitters out to make sure we feel comfortable So that next week we can maybe start trying to do it for realsies, right? And then thursday we're going to spend time going over the layouts It seems like a lot of folks need a little bit more time. They need a little bit more a little bit more room to kind of grasp what's going on and to see it live one more time. And so we're gonna make sure we have that time to do it. And then we have the weekend. And so you'll have the weekend to get

00:18:00
through it and yeah. And the beautiful thing is that if you're like Leon, I already got it, I'm feeling good. Well, guess what? You got a bunch of push work that you can be doing between now and Tuesday. So you have the ability to go deeper if you want to. Make them write write your bad code first and then write your bad write your bad code and then write your baddy code Right, like make sure that you can be pushing yourself in this time And so I feel like there's a there's room for everyone right now, and we're gonna make that room for everyone always Networking Needed the time of demanding eight to five job. Well, hey, I'm glad you got the time you need All right Was Independence Day assigned because they networked with aliens? No That's good though, I'm using that that's mine now that's that's though that's when everybody asked me why are you assigning it?

00:19:00
That's what I'm gonna say Never been with a Betty. Oh that song just stuck in my head Cool. All righty. Networking. We're going to take some time tonight to get the gears a turning, right, to get the gears a turning. We're going to practice our introductions. We're going to practice the awkward. I'm plopped into a virtual networking. What do I do? Right? Don't switch on yourself. so that's why Independence Day was assigned exactly. We're gonna get the gears turning. I don't want you, unless you feel comfortable, to start this week with the networking. I want you to push networking to next week. Let's practice tonight, and let's say the folks that you meet tonight count for this week, right? So if tonight you meet somebody that you like, that counts as your three, and then if there's somebody

00:20:00
that you feel like is a good fit, maybe a coffee chat, And so tonight we're gonna say this week counts for 100 devs, right? Next week we're gonna start trying to do it for realsies and it won't be three and two next week, it'll be one and one, right? The idea will be one and one next week and then we'll do two and two the next week and then we'll do three and two the next week. So we're gonna keep ramping up, right? We're gonna keep ramping up. So don't feel like you have to like this week hit five, right, that's not what we're doing, right? That's not what we're doing. We're easing into it this week, 100 devs counts, next week we're trying to do one-in-one, week after that two-in-two, then three-in-two, right? So we're gonna keep it up, right? And the networking, right, with 100 devs is supposed to be, this might be our first time. So I need everyone to give each other grace tonight, I need everyone to realize that some folks might be really nervous around this idea, and that's why we're doing the spaces tonight.

00:21:00
Remember, our goal when we're networking is to turn strangers into friends, right? That's the only goal, the only thing you're shooting for, right? The only thing you're shooting for when you're trying to do this networking. And realize that it's not always going to work out. That's okay. It's okay if you're networking doesn't work out, right? It's okay that you don't click with every single person, right? It's okay that it takes you a while to find your people, right? The beautiful thing about being virtual is that it's easier to kind of move around, right? It's easier to move around, right? It's easier to kind of pop in and out of spaces is because before you had to be a little, a little, like a little eager, right? If you go to a conference and you're by yourself at a conference, you

00:22:00
gotta, there has to be something in you that like pushes you to like walk up to a group of people and talk to them. It's harder. But with this virtual networking, it's a little bit easier to kind of get the ball rolling. And so tonight that's what we're gonna do. But tonight your only goal is to turn maybe a stranger into an acquaintance. Maybe you meet them, you figure out what their Discord is, you see them kind of around, right? You're trying to turn these people that we see in the 100 devs community from strangers into acquaintances. And this will not be our only networking session, right? We're going to use other platforms. We're going to do other things that I think are really cool, right? That are really cool to like meet each other and hang out and interact with each other. So tonight, don't put all that pressure on you for this to be perfect. Tonight's about practicing your introduction. It's about maybe Making a few acquaintances right a few people that maybe when you see their their their their discord name fly by on one of the channels You'd be like, I remember that person All right

00:23:00
Now I Feel a lot of people When they first start this idea of networking, I'm gonna give you a way to introduce yourself that I think works in a lot of scenarios, but it doesn't work in every scenario. It's gonna be the one that we practice tonight, but a lot about networking is sometimes kind of like reading the room, right? Sometimes you'll be in a more professional setting, and sometimes you'll be in a more laid back setting, right? And so if you're in a real professional setting, you might be a little bit more formal in how you do your introduction, and if you're in a laid back setting, it might be a little bit different. And so, a lot of times, you gotta read the room. What type of event are you at? Are people in like suits and ties? Like, are people passing out business cards? Or are they eating pizza and drinking beer, right? And if you're a person

00:24:00
where that's hard, like reading the room is hard, trust me, it gets better, right? It does get better as you do it more. but you can also pair up with a buddy, right? Sometimes folks like to network in pairs, so that way you can both kind of read the room together. And so that's something that you might wanna keep in mind, especially as we get into the smaller study communities, it doesn't have to be just you on your own type of endeavor. There are many ways to kind of use each other to help read the room and figure things out. But what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna share you the way that I introduce myself the most, and we're gonna talk about it. Because I think for most people, it feels a little weird at first. Here it is. I say hi, right? I literally start off by saying hi. And then I start off by saying my name is. All right, so I say hi. My name is, I'm shady. No, okay, sorry. And

00:25:00
my name is, and then I say Leon. I say hi, my name is Leon. I'm a software engineer. I help people build full stack web applications. I'm trying to learn how to network better and it's really nice to meet y'all, right? I mean, let me say this again. Now you don't say Leon, you say your name, right? So don't say Leon, say your name. This is an example, but you're gonna say your name, right? So you're gonna have to practice it with your name in there just in case you didn't get that, okay? You're not Leon. and well, maybe you are, Leon, I don't know, but you're gonna have to put your name in there, okay? So I know it sounds silly, but this is something that I think some people might struggle with, and so I really wanted to just be clear with it. So I say, hey, my name's Leon, I'm a software engineer. I help people build full stack web applications. I'm trying to learn how to network better. Nice to meet you all. And the reason why I say it this way is because I'm trying to break down like five different

00:26:00
things. I'm trying to make sure people know my name. I'm trying to make sure people know my title or like what I do, right? So I make sure they know my title, then I make sure they know what I do and then why you are here, right? If you're at a meetup, I always try to tie my greeting into like what the meetup is about. Somebody put a meetup idea in chat for me. Put a meetup idea in chat for me. Dominoes knitting LARPing bowling Dominoes. All right, so we're gonna go with we're gonna go with bowling dominoes and Knitting. Hey, my name is Leon. I'm a software engineer. I have little people build build a full stack web applications I'm really interested in learning how to knit I have a lot of my clients that are into knitting and so I'm just trying to learn how to knit better

00:27:00
Nice to meet you all now in that scenario what sounded weird what sounded weird? Like what did what what felt a little a little icky at first? The title felt icky there right like if I'm at a knitting Meet up right. I'm at a knitting meet up and I walk off to people. Hey, my name is Lee I'm a software engineer. I help people build full stack web applications. I'm here to learn how to knit. Like that's a little, that's a little weird, right? But if you're at any type of tech event, right? If you're at any type of tech event, it wouldn't feel exactly, somebody said disconnected. It wouldn't feel disconnected, right? So sometimes you have to read the room and think about like what room am I in? and who am I introducing myself to, right? But if you're at a tech event,

00:28:00
this type of introduction is fine, right? If you're at a knitting event or a bowling event, right? This, exactly, this context doesn't really matter, right? But when you're in tech, you wanna be able to meet other engineers, you wanna meet other folks that might be doing full stack web development, right? And so that's important information to give out there. And at first, this type of pattern really does feel icky. Like for some reason, people don't feel super comfortable saying that they're a software engineer and they help people build full stack web applications. But you have to like embrace, you have to embrace your inner Bob Vance. Anybody know what I mean by that? You have to embrace your inner Bob Vance. Yeah, exactly. So Bob Vance

00:29:00
is a character from The Office, the TV show The Office, and no matter whoever Bob, no matter who he ever meets throughout the show, he always introduces him the same way. I'm Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration. I'm Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration. Hi there, I'm Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration. You always know that he's Bob Vance of Vance Refrigeration and it sounds silly, but if you needed something to do with refrigeration, you would know to go to Bob Vance from Vance Refrigeration, right? Like instantly, you know. And so it can seem a little out of place when you're just introducing yourself to somebody in the office, but if you're at a tech event, it actually makes a lot of sense because it's gonna help you identify folks a little bit quicker, and it makes you sound professional AF. It really does make you sound professional, right? And so, hey, I'm Leon, I'm a software engineer. I help people build full-stack web applications. I'm here at this event because I'm trying to learn how to network better.

00:30:00
It's really nice to meet you all, right? And that's how I would introduce myself to a group of people. That's how I would introduce myself to maybe two or three people that are eating pizza, right? It's a little bit more formal. It's a little bit more professional. It may feel a little icky at first, but it gets easier the more you do it, right? And it really does help people know who you are, what you do, and as long as you kind of tie back into like why you're here, then it's fine, okay? Now, sometimes if it's a really chill event, I'll drop off the what I do, and I'm gonna even drop off my title So if it's really like informal event. But if I'm at a conference, I'm at something that's not recurring, I'm going full intro, right? Full intro. What if you're currently a student? Doesn't matter. This doesn't

00:31:00
matter what you currently do. This has nothing to do with like, right? This works for every single person that's listening right now. I don't care what your job is, if you're a student. This works for you. and you gotta start practicing it now, right? And then the beautiful thing is, the more you practice this, the easier it gets, doesn't matter if you're unemployed, this works for everyone, right? The easier you do this, the more you do this, the easier it gets, and you're gonna find what works for you, right? Networking is about what works for you. Do I carry business cards? No more, I used to, I don't anymore, just because I found something that's comfortable for me and business cards really aren't comfortable for me anymore. I think if I get to the point where I'm giving you a business card, I'd rather just give you my email or my Twitter or something like that. But I know of a lot of friends that feel differently. I have a lot of friends that

00:32:00
love business cards and they still carry them, they still give them out. It's about finding what's comfortable for you, but I want you all to try this tonight. I want you to try this tonight. Do we go to conventions in a suit and tie not engineering conventions? No, I think you might be very overdressed But it depends you can always ask Business casual at least right if you if you're feeling kind of one way, but a lot of tech conferences You're gonna see people in shorts and t-shirts all day long Yeah, people will think you're a recruiter exactly. So Although that I want you to practice this tonight. I Want you to maybe find something tonight that feels good for you, too I want you to find something that feels good for you too, right? Practice the formal one, because I feel like a lot of people maybe haven't had that experience where they're more formal in networking. So I want you to practice that tonight. I want you to do this a couple of rounds where you're practicing the more formal one. And then maybe as the night goes on, you're getting a little bit more

00:33:00
relaxed. Try and maybe shorten this or add to it and find what works for you and what makes you feel comfortable as you're introducing yourself. But when you do the more formal one, it can feel ickier at first, but trust me, it works. It's how a lot of more senior engineers are going to introduce themselves, like engineering managers, VPs, things like that. So get used to that kind of language, right? And it'll get easier at time. Do you wear pants or shorts during online meetups? I mean, that's a binary choice there. I, I, I mean, there are other options, other options there. And for a million channel points, you could see the other options as well. Exactly. Only a million channel points and the other options unlock themselves for you. Um, there's like a secondary, too far. So there's like another camera that only the only fans people get.

00:34:00
So yeah. All right. Remember, even the folks that you meet tonight, follow up, right? Practice your follow-up, practice your email, practice that saying, Hey, it was nice to meet you. Um, practice the, the providing value, right? For even the people tonight, like if you find that there's somebody that you, that you connect with, uh, practice your follow-up too, right? And if there's somebody that you think might be interesting follow-up and you want to practice a coffee chat, ask them to a coffee chat as well, right? And so the idea here is tonight is we just want to get some practice in. We want to start with practicing our formal introduction, we want to practice kind of just getting to know each other, being in an environment where we get to meet other folks from 100 devs, and then practice your follow-up with a few folks as well, right? And we're gonna take tonight easy. It's gonna be for us to kind of maybe

00:35:00
for the first time in a while, like talk to other human beings, specifically in a digital space, right? But it shouldn't cause you too much stress. We're all here doing this for the very first time, for a lot of us for the first time. This is a space where it's only 100 devs folks. There's nobody else that's gonna be here. It's just folks from 100 devs. And so I need everyone right now to agree to a few things. One of those things is to use the sheet, right? If you meet folks that are interesting, right? Use the sheet. I need everyone to commit right now to only showing up tonight to this networking space if you are gonna give room for folks that don't feel comfortable doing this. If you are already some lead networker that feels like they're light years ahead, don't show up tonight, right? go do something else. I want folks that are new to this to know that this space is for them.

00:36:00
I want folks that have anxiety or don't feel comfortable networking to know that this space is centering them above anybody else. So if you come to this event and you're firing on all cylinders and you're not giving people space and time to practice and to maybe try introducing themselves a couple times in a row, this space is not for you, okay? This is for everyone that needs some time to practice, that wants to meet some other folks from 100 devs, and we're going to do it in an environment that supports them. Please don't be an asshole tonight. I am fast and loose with the ban hammer. I will ban you as quick as I possibly can if you do certain things tonight. If tonight, you don't give space for beginners, you don't respect that folks might be brand new to networking, ban. If you're a creep, ban. Nobody wants to date you, ban, right? Like, be

00:37:00
a normal, rational human being, give people grace, right? Give people room to experiment, to figure out what works for them and doesn't work for them, right? Don't be a creep. If I even get like a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like somebody farted three rooms over and I can just like the very, very faint smell ban, right? People are gonna snitch on you and I'm gonna ban you. And I'm gonna feel really good about it because for some reason when the cameras come on and the mics come on, people lose their minds and they can't be decent human beings. So tonight be a decent human being or it's a ban. You have no place in this community. Nobody's interested in you becoming their best friend. Nobody's interested in you dating them. No one's interested in anything romantic endeavor tonight. Don't be that person. If you are that person, let me know right now so I can ban you.

00:38:00
Don't meet someone and then for the next two weeks, every single tweet they do, follow them around, that's harassment. We're going to ban you. I feel like I shouldn't have to say this, but I have to say it, right? So, please, tonight's about people practicing, about people networking. If you can't be a decent human being, if you can't realize that people are here to network, not because they like you, but because they want to practice networking, leave. You have no part in this community. Ban. Difference is I will find you and then I will ban you. Exactly. Tonight, you don't have to use a webcam, but it is preferable. You do need at least a mic, right? So if you don't have a mic or a webcam, tonight's not the night. We'll have other nights where you can do text-based networking, right? You can do text-based networking. Tonight is mics and cams. It will

00:39:00
work on your phone too. It's a little bit harder to make it work, but it is mics and cams tonight. If you don't have a camera, that's okay. At least just try the mic. If you don't have access to a mic or camera, that's okay. We'll have text-based networking another night later on. But for now, anything where you can talk into it, a headset, microphone, anything like that works. Most laptops have it built in, right? And we're gonna practice. When you meet people, practice using this sheet. Pretend that this is a real networking event Where you're where you are Where you are Introducing yourself to strangers with the idea of becoming acquaintances or friends, right? You're practicing your introductions You're practicing your follow-ups and you're practicing using the sheet Right. So that's what tonight's for The first couple rounds that we're going to do on Remo. So we're gonna be using a platform called Remo, right? The sheet, for folks that

00:40:00
don't remember, just in case, is where you track your networking. If you're new here, we track our networking in the sheet. You can click the link in the slides. You can do exclamation point sheet here in chat. It's that Google sheet that you see in chat right now. We're using Remo. And Remo has been good to us in the past, but we're about to have thousands of people on the platform. We might try this and everything goes to hell, right? We might try it and everything goes to hell. And in that case, if everything goes to hell, and Remo just doesn't work, remember, you now have extra time to be a baddie and write bad code. So we're gonna hope that Remo works. We're gonna give it the good old 100 devs try. We're broken up into six different versions of Remo. but if for some reason it crashes, it's not working, I'll put

00:41:00
an announcement on Discord saying, hey, we gave the old 100 devs try, and then you're gonna take the extra time tonight to be a baddie and write bad code, okay? So that's what happens. If for some reason Remo doesn't work, that's what you're gonna do. All right, Remo's a very interesting platform. The way it works, right, the way it works is that there are tables. It's kind of like Club Penguin for adults. There are tables and when you click at the table, it puts you into a video chat space with everyone at that table, right? So when you click on a table, like you can see that I'm like in this table on table one. If you were to join my table, everyone at that table can turn on their cams and mics and everyone can see each other in that table. Okay. There are, let's see, hundreds of people in each of the rooms

00:42:00
so far. It actually spread out pretty evenly. Thank you for, like, not just all trying to get into the first one, because the actual, there's one that's actually bigger than the first one, which is pretty cool to see. So, the idea here is that your tables are limited to You can sit down at the table. You can see people's cams and mics. You have to turn on your cam and mic when you're at the table. It is a buggy platform. Give yourself some time to try and figure it out. If you sometimes have to like turn on your cam and mic, there are buttons to turn on your cam and mic. It might be a little weird while you're trying to figure it out, but you'll figure it out. Just kind of play around with it until you do. But the idea is that you'll be at a table with five other people, and then you'll be able to turn on your cams and mics. When you do that, you're going to practice your introductions. You should do two rounds of introductions, right? Hi, my name is Leon, I'm a software engineer, right? I help people build full stack

00:43:00
web applications. I'm here because I'm trying to learn how to network better. Nice to meet you all, right? And so you're going to try practicing that. And everyone at the table is going to try practicing that twice, right? Try practicing that twice. After everyone gets their two practice rounds in, I've given some kind of simple, like fun starter questions on Discord, right? Some fun practice questions on, just like fun to get the conversation going questions on Discord. Start with those questions. Get everyone answering, talking, make some friends, get to know each other, right? And then after about 20 minutes or so, You're gonna see me pop on I'm gonna go live and I'm gonna shuffle you all And so you're all gonna be shuffled onto a new table and then you're gonna do it again And then I'm gonna move to another group. I'm gonna shuffle the tables again And we're just gonna keep this table shuffling for a while. All right, so We'll take a break at the top of each hour Right.

00:44:00
We'll take a break at the top of each hour just like we do normally during class I just make sure we're staying healthy hydrated things like that And then we're just gonna get that practice in. So your first round might be really weird, might be really awkward, that's okay. You're gonna get a bunch of these rounds in, we're gonna keep shuffling tables, and you're gonna get better at it, and better at it, and better at it, and it's gonna get easier, and easier, and easier, right? And so this is tonight the practice, okay? Now, if for some reason, no raid tonight, we're going to jump right into the platforms. For some reason, it all goes to hell. Remo hates us. It all burns down to the ground. I'll send out a message. Hey, it didn't work out tonight. Extra time to be a baddie and write bad code. Work on your layouts. And on Thursday, we'll have more time to do more layouts

00:45:00
together. So remember, your homework is to work on those Layouts, layouts that we covered in class, right? Layouts that were extra in that homework, right? Are we all saying we're software developers? Yes, because we're all here to be software engineers, right? We're all software engineers. We all build full stack web applications. You could probably practice exactly my script and I think that'd be a good idea. But if you're shooting for something else or something else that feels better to you, go for it. But I think that's a pretty good place to start. Cool. Questions, before we start the networking tonight, we got questions. You can, codes, good. Is mayonnaise an instrument, if you know what you're doing? I might throw up, is that okay? Absolutely, go throw up first and then come join us. I can't interact with the sheet because you have to make a copy

00:46:00
of it. You can't interact with it, you have to make a copy of it. Come back for a raid, I need channel points. Yeah, no raid tonight, because we're gonna jump right into the events. And the events will go until class time is over, so we're gonna go the full three hours. Will AirPods work for Mike? They should, yeah. You're gonna give LinkedIn tips eventually, yeah. Yeah, there's too many people in that main sheet. If you haven't downloaded it before, give it some time, wait until folks are in the remo, and then try coming back to the sheet again. It's not broken, it's just too many of y'all trying to download it. But it's the same one that we've covered like four or five times in class now, so I just wanna make sure you know it's not a different one, yeah. Con, yeah, you could. Do I have to network for

00:47:00
three hours? Yes. Yeah, I think I might have to begin each of the events. So you probably can't jump right in. You might be like in the lobby waiting to get into events because we haven't started yet. Will I be networking too? Absolutely. Do we have the hourly break in between networking? Yes, we'll do the break at the top of the hour. Are we coming back here after class? No, we'll end on Remo. Can't wait to meet folks, I'm so excited. Me too, yeah. Should we be introducing ourselves as software engineers or our current jobs? As a software engineer. here. We join late. You can.

00:48:00
If you're here now, join us. I drink for tea, for coffee chat. Absolutely. Yep. Two rounds of intros, do the icebreakers. And then if you have more or time or whatever you want to talk about. It's up to you. If your table doesn't want to do the iceberg, cause that's okay. We do this again. Yeah, we're going to do this again. We're gonna use a bunch of different platforms. So if this one doesn't work, we'll add another one too. Cool. Yeah, there's some quirks to Remo. There's some quirks to Remo. So if it, like I said, if it doesn't work for you this evening, that's okay, go ahead and work on your layouts. Yeah, people are saying Linux does not support it. Yeah, it might not support Linux. You might try your phone though, if you have a phone.

00:49:00
We join mic only? Yep. Yeah, I already said we're gonna do our break like we always normally do. Cool. All right, folks. We are going to, I'm gonna end the stream. Try and go to your location, the one you signed up for on Remo, and all the links to the different Remo slots are as always in the following materials channel, right? Cool. All right, I'm gonna end the stream. No raid, we're gonna jump right into Remo. Gonna try getting this working. Good luck, godspeed. Remember, manage your frustration. This platform's finicky. Try and figure it out. If you can't figure it out, for some reason you can't get in or something like that, go ahead and work on your layouts for the rest of the evening. But I hope

00:50:00
to see a bunch of you on Remo. Let's have some fun. Remember, there's six different ones, so I have to jump to six different ones to let folks in. So go wait in the lobby for me to get started, and we're gonna start very soon. So I'll see you all on Remo. Good luck, have fun. Remember, give yourself and other people grace. I don't wanna have to ban you. All right, folks, have a wonderful rest of your night. Hopefully see you very soon. Like literally, maybe I'll actually literally see you. That'd be cool. All right, peace.
